professor marston the wonder women drama in a superhero origin tale unlike any other , the film is the incredible true story of what inspired harvard psychologist dr . william moulton marston to create the iconic wonder woman character in the 1940's . while marston's feminist superhero was criticized by censors for her 'sexual perversity' , he was keeping a secret that could have destroyed him . marston's muses for the wonder woman character were his wife elizabeth marston and their lover olive byrne , two empowered women who defied convention working with marston on human behavior research while building a hidden life with him that rivaled the greatest of superhero disguises .
dixieland mystery suspense featuring explosive chemistry between rising stars chris zylka the leftovers and riley keough mad max fury road and impressive supporting performances from music legends faith hill and steve earle , dixieland is an intoxicating portrait of life and love on the margins . fresh out of prison , kermit zylka , a mostly good kid mixed up with local drug dealers , returns home to his rural mississippi trailer park . as he struggles to keep his nose clean , he falls for rachel keough , his sultry neighbor who's turned to dancing in a club to support her sick mother . determined to overcome their inauspicious circumstances , the star crossed lovers make a desperate , last ditch effort to escape their dead end town but soon find themselves ensnared in a cycle of crime .
the benefactor drama a newly married couple dakota fanning and theo james are forced to navigate the all consuming interest of a powerful , mysterious , and possessive philanthropist brilliantly played by richard gere .
honeytrap drama mystery suspense romance honeytrap is the harrowing rite of passage drama inspired by a real life crime of love , betrayal and murder in 2009 . featuring an international cast , the movie stars jessica sula skins , abc family's recovery road lucien laviscount fox's scream queens , naomi ryan guardians of the galaxy and ntonga mwanza leave to remain . girlhood and gang culture collide in honeytrap as 15 year old layla sula contends with bullying at a new school by transforming herself inside and out . the teen's compulsive journey for love and acceptance soon becomes fatal in this cautionary tale based on headline news adapted by writer director rebecca johnson .
in my father's house documentary this film explores identity and legacy in the african american family , as grammy award winning rapper che 'rhymefest' smith and his long lost father reconnect and try to build a new future in chicago's turbulent south side . himself a child of a broken home , che hasn't seen his father , brian , in over 20 years , and presumes him dead . but after buying his father's childhood home , che sets out to find him , and learns that he is now a homeless , alcoholic living only several blocks away . the film offers a probing take on memory and identity in a family two generations removed from slavery as it tracks che and brian's shared journey to create a new legacy for themselves , their community , and the next generation of family .
indian point documentary indian point nuclear power plant looms just 35 miles from times square . with over 50 million people living in close proximity to the aging facility , its continued operation has the support of the plant's operators and the nrc nuclear regulatory commission yet has stoked a great deal of controversy in the surrounding community , including a vocal anti nuclear contingent concerned that what happened at japan's fukushima nuclear plant could happen here . in the brewing fight for clean energy and the catastrophic possibilities of government complacency , director ivy meeropol presents a balanced argument about the issues surrounding nuclear energy and offers a startling reality check for our uncertain nuclear future .
roseanne for president ! comedy documentary follow comedy legend roseanne barr as she embarks on a wild , hilarious , and impassioned campaign for the highest office in the land . it's 2012 and barr , fed up with corporate influence in politics , takes matters into her own hands when she launches a third party presidential bid founded on grassroots activism . hitting the campaign trail , the sarcastic , opinionated , and outspoken barr makes for a candidate unlike any other as she brings her message to the people . featuring appearances from michael moore , sandra bernhard , rosie o'donnell , and others close to barr , roseanne for president ! is both a rousing david vs . goliath tale and a revealing portrait of a cultural icon .
killing them safely tom swift and his electric rifle documentary this documentary examines taser international , the company responsible for the worldwide sale of tasers to law enforcement , and explores whether the device's safety record is at odds with its reputation as a nonlethal tool for the police . directed by nick berardini .
the wannabe drama obsessed with mob culture , and desperate to fit in , thomas sets out to fix the 1992 trial of john gotti . he believes if the plan is executed , it will put him at the center of all that he idolizes . the plot is foiled , setting off events worthy of mob lore . the wannabe intertwines real people and true events , past and present , with fantasy .
one more time when i live my life over again comedy drama musical performing arts beautiful aspiring rock star jude heard is stuck in a rut relegated to recording commercial jingles and lost in a series of one night stands . when she is evicted from her brooklyn apartment , she is forced to move into the hamptons home of her wealthy and selfish father paul lombard walken , an over the hill , sinatra esque crooner angling for a musical comeback . as the two reunite , jude is forced to confront her problems , including troubled relationships with her father and overachieving sister garner , as well as her wobbly career and faltering love life . as jude and paul butt heads , they unexpectedly find themselves on a journey that may redefine their lives .
the final project horror mystery suspense six college students have organized the ultimate graduation project . . . a documentary film about one of the most notorious haunted houses in america , the lafitte plantation in vacherie , louisiana . a civil war landmark with a dark past , complete with stories of mutilated soldiers , murdered families and restless shadows roaming its abandoned corridors . . . no one has entered lafitte in years until now . outfitted with high tech recording equipment in order to capture every moment of their great adventure , these intrepid young filmmakers bravely venture deep into the misty backwoods of louisiana . but on this plantation that time has forgotten , something evil still waits and watches . when darkness falls , their deepest fears come to life , as one by one they'll learn the horrifying truth that awaits all who dare seek the secrets of the lafitte plantation . the dead are awake , and there are some places the living should never go .
bajrangi bhaijaan action adventure drama romance a 5 years old girl from pakistan gets separated from her mother at an indian railway station . lost and hungry she finds shelter at the home of pavan , an ardent devotee of hanuman , a devout hindu and hailing from a robust wrestling family . bajrangi bhaijaan is the moving story of pavan's quest to unite the child with her parents against all odds . set against the backdrop of colourful chandni chowk , the film travels from the heartland of punjab , through the deserts of rajasthan , over the snow capped mountains of kashmir . bajrangi bhaijaan tells the story of how pavan , who will move heaven and earth to fulfil the promise he made to the girl from across the border .
bangistan comedy two blundering terrorists with lofty ideologies , but ordinary talent , on a mission to change the world .
bikes vs cars documentary the bicycle , an amazing tool for change . activists and cities all over the world are moving towards a new system . but will the economic powers allow it ? here , we look into and investigate the daily global drama in traffic around the world .
amy art house international documentary musical performing arts special interest despite just two albums to her name amy winehouse is one of the biggest music icons in british history . with a voice oft described as a combination of billy holiday , dinah washington and sarah vaughan , amy winehouse was a pop star with soul ; a once in two generational musical talent whose appeal crossed cultural and demographic boundaries . but while her music made her a star , her chaotic personal life stole headlines .
mad women drama kids family young and beautiful , nevada smith craves to find a place for herself in a family of overachievers . her mother is running for political office , her father is a successful dentist and her older sister is working overseas . in addition , the family is still grieving the death of a sister who died at a young age . when her mother discovers she has cancer and her father is suddenly sent to prison , nevada is overwhelmed with the emotional need to comfort her mother .
men go to battle drama western most americans predict that the civil war will end by christmas , but henry and francis mellon couldn't care less . bracing for another winter on their struggling farm in rural kentucky , the brothers have become suffocatingly close . francis' practical jokes become more and more aggressive until the night he accidentally injures henry in a drunken fight . after humiliating himself in front of a daughter of the town's preeminent family , henry disappears in the night . months later , francis learns that henry has joined the union army , and the two are left to find out separately what the approaching war will bring . 98m .
joe dirt 2 beautiful loser comedy in this sequel to the 2001 cult favorite , david spade
sun choke horror as janie recovers from a violent psychotic break , she's subjected each day to a bizarre holistic health and wellness regimen designed , and enforced , by her lifelong nanny and caretaker . but when she develops an obsession with a stranger , janie's buried demons begin to surface .
in the basement im keller art house international documentary maverick director seidl dog days , the paradise trilogy delves into yet another exploration of the dark underside of the human psyche with a look at austrian basements fitted out as private domains for secrets and fetishes . no desire or proclivity is off limits to seidl's camera , which takes in the opera singing gunslinger , the hitler loving brass band , a hunter of exotic species , and the passionate devotees of s m with an equal measure of curiosity and compassion .
emelie mystery suspense as their parents head out for a date in the city , the three young thompson children immediately take to their new babysitter , anna sarah bolger , into the badlands , once upon a time , who seems like a dream come true she's sweet , fun , and lets them do things that break all of their parents' rules . but as anna's interactions with them take on a more sinister tone , the kids realize that their caretaker may not be who she claims to be . soon it's up to big brother jacob to protect his siblings from the increasingly nefarious intentions of a very disturbed woman whose weapon is trust , and whose target is innocence . featuring tour de force performances from bolger and its three young leads , emelie is a multidimensional , nail biting thriller that asks the question how can you put an end to horror after you've already let it in ?
justice league gods and monsters action adventure in an alternate universe , very different versions of dc's trinity fight against the government after they are framed for an embassy bombing .
fastball documentary hank aaron and derek jeter , with kevin costner narrating , lead a cast of baseball legends scientists who explore the magic within the 396 milliseconds it takes a fastball to reach home plate , and decipher who threw the fastest pitch ever .
final girl drama mystery suspense every night , four boys trick a young , blonde girl into meeting them in the forest for a date with the intention to hunt and kill her for sport . one night , veronica is selected and little do they know she is a trained assassin with her own set of tricks for these boys . when the hunt begins , the boys soon realize that they messed with the wrong girl when she turns the tables on them .
grease live ! musical performing arts television the first ever live television production of
maze runner the death cure action adventure drama science fiction fantasy in the epic finale to the maze runner saga , thomas leads his group of escaped gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet . to save their friends , they must break into the legendary last city , a wckd controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all . anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze .
billy lynn's long halftime walk drama the film is told from the point of view of 19 year old private billy lynn , who , along with his fellow soldiers in bravo squad , has been hailed as a hero and brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing iraq battle . through flashbacks , culminating at the spectacular halftime show of the thanksgiving day football game , the film reveals what really happened to the squad contrasting the realities of the iraq conflict with america's celebration back home .
the gallows horror mystery suspense twenty years after a deadly freak accident at a high school play , a misguided attempt to re stage the play and honor the student proves that some things are better left in the past .
being canadian documentary when calgarian robert cohen moved to l . a . to pursue his dreams of becoming a comedy writer , he quickly realized that his new friends and colleagues knew nothing but the usual stereotypes about his beloved homeland . after years of frustration , robert decided to embark on a personal quest , traveling from one end of canada to the other , to prove being canadian is more than just maple syrup and mounties . imagine
infini drama science fiction fantasy in infini , a search and rescue team are transported through deep space to a distant mining colony to save the sole survivor of a biological outbreak . during their mission , they find a lethal weapon which is set to arrive on earth within the hour . . . c vertical
god willing se dio vuole art house international comedy italy's 1 smash hit comedy , this wildly entertaining and multi award winning debut feature from writer director edoardo falcone is the story of an almighty battle of wills that pits a man with a god complex against the hip local priest . tommaso marco giallini is an esteemed and defiantly self confident cardiac surgeon , and an unabashed atheist . but the veneer of his perfect life is abruptly cracked when his only son andrea enrico oetiker brings the family together for an important announcement ; it's not a heavily speculated upon declaration relating to his sexuality , but rather to his father's great horror his intention to abandon his medical studies to become a priest ! tommaso refuses to accept his son's newfound vocation , and decides to 'go undercover' to expose the charismatic father don pietro alessandro gassman whom he is convinced has brainwashed his son . meanwhile the other members of the family unfulfilled wife carla a wonderful laura morante and listless daughter bianca are provoked by andrea's revelation in different ways , undertaking their own renaissance of sorts . . . featuring delicious performances from the talented ensemble cast , and a series of set pieces that are mined for explosive laughs , god willing also has a sly subtext about how change can be triggered not only through personal introspection , but also by a good shock to the system .
as i am the life and times of dj am documentary a retrospective look at the life and work of influential electronic music dj , adam goldstein , known as dj am .
storks animation comedy kids family in this animated children's fantasy , two storks voiced by kelsey grammer and andy samberg reveal the truth about their job delivering babies to new parents .
freeheld drama the true love story of laurel hester and stacie andree and their fight for justice . a decorated new jersey police detective , laurel is diagnosed with cancer and wants to leave her hard earned pension to her domestic partner , stacie . however the county officials , freeholders , conspire to prevent laurel from doing this . hard nosed detective dane wells , and activist steven goldstein , unite in laurel and stacie's defense , rallying police officers and ordinary citizens to support their struggle for equality .
the emperor's new clothes comedy documentary how did the rich get so . . . rich ? in this hilarious , passionate , and empowering look at income inequality , activist comedian russell brand and director michael winterbottom the trip uncover the roots of the world financial crisis . with a mix of rabble rousing outrage and audacious comedy , brand examines how bank bailouts have left the 99 high and dry taking his message straight to the top as he fearlessly confronts the corporations and political leaders responsible . by turns thought provoking and wildly entertaining , the emperor's new clothes is a timely reminder that change begins with the people .
exit hui guang zoumingqu art house international drama romance
brand a second coming comedy brand a second coming chronicles actor comedian activist russell brand on his journey from addict , self proclaimed narcissist and hollywood star living in the fast lane to his current , and unexpected , role as political disruptor newfound hero to the underserved . criticized for egomaniacal self interest , brand injects his madness in to the world and calls for revolution . he stays the course with an irreverent courage that inspires a new generation of activists to rise up against the ever increasing world engorged in consumerism .
hello , my name is doris drama when doris miller meets john fremont , her company's hip new art director , sparks fly at least for doris . in the cluttered house she shared with her late mother , doris mines the internet for information on her one and only , guided by the 13 year old granddaughter of her best pal roz . when doris begins showing up at john's regular haunts , she wins over his williamsburg friends . her new life brings doris a thrilling perspective , but also creates a rift between her and her longtime friends and family , who believe she's making a fool of herself over a guy half her age . eager for all the experiences she has missed out on , doris throws caution to the wind and follows her heart for the very first time .
the ecstasy of wilko johnson documentary this film confronts our worst nightmares of impending death , confounding expectations and turning them upside down . it tells the extraordinary , yet universal story of legendary musician wilko johnson , who diagnosed with incurable pancreatic cancer and given a few months to live , managed to accept his fate with uplifting positivity and defy the death sentence handed down to him .
danny says documentary danny says is a documentary on the life and times of danny fields . since 1966 , danny fields has played a pivotal role in music and
all things must pass the rise and fall of tower records documentary musical performing arts established in 1960 , tower records was once a retail powerhouse with two hundred stores , in thirty countries , on five continents . from humble beginnings in a small town drugstore , tower records eventually became the heart and soul of the music world , and a powerful force in the music industry . in 1999 , tower records made 1 billion . in 2006 , the company filed for bankruptcy . what went wrong ? everyone thinks they know what killed tower records the internet . but that's not the story . 'all things must pass' is a feature documentary film examining this iconic company's explosive trajectory , tragic demise , and legacy forged by its rebellious founder russ solomon . c official site
gored documentary spanish bullfighter antonio barrera is followed as he reaches the end of his bullfighting career . barrera holds the distinction of being the bullfighter who has been gored the most , with 23
sunrise art house international drama joshi has until sunrise to catch an elusive figure that destroys the lives of children .
fifty shades darker drama romance anastasia has broken off her relationship with the troubled christian to pursue a new career in a seattle publishing house .
the fate of the furious action adventure drama the latest installment of the fast and the furious franchise welcomes two oscar winning actresses charlize theron plays cipher , the latest villain to torment dominic toretto and his crew , while helen mirren joins the cast after publicly lobbying for a role to sate her real life love of racing . fast 8 also stars vin diesel , dwayne johnson , michelle rodriguez , tyrese gibson , ludacris , jordana brewster , kurt russell , elsa pataky , nathalie emmanuel , jason statham , and scott eastwood . directed by f . gary gray straight outta compton .
fifty shades freed drama believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past , newlyweds christian and ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury . but just as she steps into her role as mrs . grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability , new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins .
barely lethal action adventure comedy megan walsh hailee steinfeld is a teenage special ops agent who yearns for a normal adolescence . after faking her own death she assumes the role of an exchange student and quickly learns that surviving the treacherous waters of a typical american high school can be even more difficult than international espionage . also starring samuel l . jackson , jessica alba , sophie turner , dove cameron , and thomas mann . c a24
american made action adventure drama mystery suspense barry seal , a twa pilot , is recruited by the cia to provide reconnaissance on the burgeoning communist threat in central america and soon finds himself in charge of one of the biggest covert cia operations in the history of the united states that spawned the birth of the medellin cartel and eventually almost brought down the reagan white house with the iran contra scandal .
for the love of spock documentary last year , just before thanksgiving , i approached my dad , leonard nimoy , about the possibility of working together on a film about mr . spock . i had skimmed through some of the books on the making of star trek and felt there was so much more to explore about the creation and development of mr . spock . and the timing seemed right , as the 50th anniversary of star trek the original series was not that far away . dad agreed that now was the right time , and that he was 100 committed to collaborating with me on this project . he also reminded me that we were then just days away from the 50th anniversary of the start of production on
the death of superman lives what happened ? documentary the death of superman lives ; what happened ? delves into one of hollywood's most enthralling 'what could have been' stories . in 1996 , warner brothers engaged kevin smith to write the screenplay 'superman lives' . director tim burton assembled an elite group of artists to work on superman lives , including nicolas cage as superman . warner brothers scrapped the project shortly before principal photography began .
phantom halo drama mystery suspense brothers samuel and beckett emerson are barely scraping by . their father , warren , continues to gamble and drink away any money they bring home . with all the havoc that is constantly going on in their lives , the family members each find solace in his own way , through shakespeare , comic books and impossible love affairs . beckett seizes the opportunity to make some easy money by counterfeiting in hopes of repaying his father's debts . when beckett's plan goes awry , the family must decide what's most important or pay the ultimate price . c arc entertainment
la la land comedy drama musical performing arts written and directed by academy award r nominee damien chazelle , la la land tells the story of mia emma stone , an aspiring actress , and sebastian ryan gosling , a dedicated jazz musician , who are struggling to make ends meet in a city known for crushing hopes and breaking hearts . set in modern day los angeles , this original musical about everyday life explores the joy and pain of pursuing your dreams .
t rex documentary 17 year old claressa 't rex' shields from flint , michigan dreams of being the first woman in history to win a gold medal in olympic boxing . but in order for her to succeed , she'll need to stand her ground both inside and outside the ring .
the barkley marathons the race that eats its young documentary in its first 25 years only 10 people have finished the barkley marathons . based on a historic prison escape , this cult like race tempts people from around the world to test their limits of physical and mental endurance in this documentary that contemplates the value of pain .
breaking a monster documentary breaking a monster begins as the three members of band unlocking the truth are all in 7th grade , spending their weekends playing a blend of heavy metal and speed punk in times square often drawing substantial crowds . they take on a manager a 70 year old industry veteran . with his guidance they are soon on their way to a 1 . 8 million dollar record deal and a precarious initiation into the music industry . anything feels possible , and in some moments the band can almost feel the eyes of the world gazing upon them . the boys are coming of age , not only as they make the leap to being professional musicians , but also as they transcend childhood and take their first steps into the complexities of adulthood . the accelerated breakout of any band , let alone one of pre teens , is an extremely narrow and specific period in time breaking a monster is the story of this rapid transformation .
dough comedy drama curmudgeonly widower nat dayan tony award winning actor jonathan pryce , currently in hbo's
ouija origin of evil horror mystery suspense in this horror sequel , a game of ouija leads to supernatural activity . annalise basso , henry thomas , doug jones , and elizabeth reaser star . directed by mike flanagan .
unbranded documentary
no stranger than love romance from filmmaker nick wernham , this quirky romantic comedy introduces us to lucy sherrington and her slightly complicated love life . when lucy alison brie tells a married clint colin hanks that she loves him , he falls into a mysterious hole that suddenly appears in the middle of her living room . as lucy desperately tries to save clint , his bookie rydell justin chatwin appears , looking to settle clint's gambling debt . now lucy must distract rydell , the town and clint's wife from finding out about her affair and the hole , while trying to hold herself together in the process .
louder than bombs drama on the eve of an exhibition honoring noted war photographer isabelle reed isabelle huppert , whose career was cut short in the wake of her untimely death , a father and two sons grapple with her domestic and professional legacy . flashbacks of isabelle's conflated role of wife , mother and photojournalist intermingle with the present day attempts of the reeds to manage their grief amid combat of a different kind . family patriarch gene gabriel byrne discovers secrets about his late spouse while pursuing a new romance and struggling to connect with teenage son conrad devin druid , who hides in video games and introspection . adult son jonah jesse eisenberg takes leave from academic and married life to organize his mother's archive , only to slip into reckless behavior . past and present coalesce in sharp focus as the surviving reeds come to terms with love and loss locating in memories both painful and joyous the skills they need to soldier on . . .
the sea of trees drama the film follows arthur brennan mcconaughey trekking into aokigahara , known as the sea of trees , a mysterious dense forest at the base of japan's mount fuji where people go to contemplate life and death . having found the perfect place to die , arthur encounters takumi nakamura watanabe , a japanese man who has also lost his way . the two men begin a journey of reflection and survival , which affirms arthur's will to live and reconnects him to his love with his wife watts .
the other side louisiana documentary drama in an invisible territory at the margins of society lives a wounded community who face the threat of being forgotten by political institutions and having their rights as citizens trampled . disarmed veterans , taciturn adolescents , drug addicts trying to escape addiction through love ; ex special forces soldiers still at war with the world ; floundering young women and future mothers ; and old people who have not lost their desire to live . through this hidden pocket of humanity , renowned documentarian roberto minervini opens a window to the abyss of today's america .
movement and location drama a woman from the future , marooned in modern day brooklyn , must fight to keep the life she once had from destroying the new life she's built .
beeba boys drama
tab hunter confidential documentary in the 1950s , tab hunter is america's boy next door . nothing , it seems , can damage his skyrocketing career . nothing , that is , except for the fact that tab hunter is secretly gay . now , tab hunter's secret is out . in this documentary we will meet , for the first time , the real tab hunter as he shares with us the whole story of a happy , healthy survivor of hollywood's roller coaster .
by our selves drama this film documents a four day walk made by the english poet john clare .
superbob action adventure comedy romance in 2008 , robert kenner , a mild mannered postman from peckham , south london was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers . today , bob is an overworked underappreciated
siren horror mystery suspense siren is a horror thriller about jonah , an apprehensive groom to be whose bachelor party turns into a nightmare when he frees a seemingly innocent victimized girl locked up in a supernatural sex club . her ruthless handler and proprietor of the sex club will stop at nothing to re capture his prize . jonah struggles to rescue the girl only to discover it is he who needs to be rescued as he comes to the realization that she is a dangerous fabled predator who has chosen him as her mate .
henry gamble's birthday party drama two teenage boys , preacher's kid henry gamble cole doman and his friend gabe joe keery , have a sleepover the night before henry's seventeenth birthday pool party . typical teenage boy chat quickly turns sexual , and it's silently implied that henry , on a search for identity , has a crush on gabe . as dawn arrives on the day of the party , henry's mom kat elizabeth laidlaw wakes in a state of limbo , middle aged , with a secret . a little while later , pastor bob pat healy , cheap thrills is making breakfast , and they are joined by henry's 19 year old sister autumn nina ganet , home from college for the party . later that afternoon , as guests arrive both from the church , as well as henry's own
speed sisters documentary the speed sisters are the first all woman race car driving team in the middle east . grabbing headlines and turning heads at improvised tracks across the west bank , these five women have sped their way into the heart of the gritty , male dominated palestinian street car racing scene . weaving together their lives on and off the track , speed sisters takes you on a surprising journey into the drive to go further and faster than anyone thought you could .
blood cells art house international drama adam has lived a rootless existence since his family's farm was destroyed by the foot mouth epidemic of 2001 . his life imploded and he abandoned his family after a single devastating incident . he has spent the years since on the nomadic fringes of british society , cycling through transitory jobs and transitory relationships , adrift from his family and past . when his younger brother aiden reaches out to him to announce the birth of his first child adam is about to become an uncle there is an ultimatum attached come home now , or never come home again . adam embarks on a journey home that is at once tortured and exhilarating , a panoramic tour through the broken and beautiful margins of britain . as eruptions from his secret past begin to emerge , adam struggles to break free from an exile that must now end before it swallows him for good . '
barbershop the next cut comedy it's been more than 10 years since our last appointment at calvin's barbershop . calvin and his longtime crew , including eddie , are still there , but the shop has undergone some major changes . most noticeably , our once male dominated sanctuary is now co ed . the ladies bring their own flavor , drama and gossip to the shop challenging the fellas at every turn . despite the good times and camaraderie within the shop , the surrounding community has taken a turn for the worse , forcing calvin and our crew to come together to not only save the shop , but their neighborhood .
the great gilly hopkins comedy drama a feisty foster kid's outrageous scheme to be reunited with her birth mother has unintended consequences in the great gilly hopkins , an entertaining film for the entire family . gilly hopkins sophie n lisse has seen more than her share of foster homes and has outwitted every family she has lived with . in an effort to escape her new foster mother mamie trotter's kathy bates endless loving care , gilly concocts a plan that she believes will bring her mother running to her rescue . but when the ploy blows up in gilly's face it threatens to ruin the only chance she's ever had to be part of a real family .
harry snowman documentary drama dutch immigrant , harry deleyer , journeyed to the united states after world war ii and developed a transformative relationship with a broken down amish plow horse he rescued off a slaughter truck bound for the glue factory . harry paid eighty dollars for the horse and named him snowman . in less than two years , harry snowman went on to win the triple crown of show jumping , beating the nations blue bloods . they were famous for their day and traveled around the world together . their chance meeting at a pennsylvania horse auction saved them both and crafted a friendship that lasted a lifetime . eighty six year old harry tells their cinderella love story firsthand , as he continues to train on today's show jumping circuit .
honeyglue drama after learning she only has three months to live , morgan flips her conservative protected life upside down . this is where she meets jordan , a purse snatching ex junkie cross dresser , who gives her a glimpse of a new life . together they set out on a bucket list of adventures and show us how precious life is , and how just three months can be an entire lifetime if you are with the one you love .
kevin hart what now ? comedy hart takes center stage in this groundbreaking , record setting , sold out performance of
once i was a beehive comedy drama in once i was a beehive , lane speer is a 16 year old girl who spends her family vacations camping in the mountains . she takes the memories for granted until she loses her father to an unexpected bout with cancer . only a year later , as lane is still reeling from her father's death , her mother remarries a guy that lane hardly knows . worst of all , he is a mormon . to top it off , while they are on their honeymoon , they arrange to have her stay with her mormon step aunt who takes her away to a bible themed girls camp with a bunch of young mormon girls . confronted with memories of camping with her family , she tries to find peace with her new surroundings and deal with the death of her father . c purdie
welcome to happiness comedy drama science fiction fantasy woody kyle gallner , a children's author , rents a strange apartment from his landlord , moses nick offerman . there's a magical door in woody's closet that allows those who go through it to erase mistakes from their past . while he was once happy to facilitate the passage of the random strangers summoned to his apartment , woody soon begins to question why he himself is not allowed to go through .
a cure for wellness mystery suspense an ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's ceo from an idyllic but mysterious
orion the man who would be king documentary following the death of elvis presley in 1977 , a masked mystery man with the voice of the king emerged . who was orion ? where did he come from ? and was he really the second coming of elvis ? at once a stranger than fiction music industry mystery and a poignant investigation of fame , identity , and destiny , orion the man who would be king gets the wild , behind the scenes story of a talented but overlooked artist who sold his soul for pop stardom and wound up paying the price .
tell spring not to come this year documentary this film follows one unit of the afghan national army over the course of their first year of deployment in helmand without nato support . it is an intimate film about the human side of combat , told from a largely unheard and misrepresented perspective , that explores the deep personal motivations , desires and struggles of a band of fighting men on the frontline . without a nato soldier in sight , and no narrative but their own , this is the war in afghanistan , through the eyes of the afghans who live it .
7 minutes drama after becoming indebted to a psychopathic drug lord , three desperate young men are forced to commit a brazen robbery . what begins as a simple plan 'in and out in seven minutes' quickly escalates into a dangerous game of life or death . as each minute of the heist ticks by , true motives are revealed and unexpected twists ratchet up the stakes to a thrilling crescendo . the feature film debut from celebrated music video director jay martin , this stylish and fast paced crime thriller stars luke mitchell tv's agents of s . h . i . e . l . d , jason ritter tv's girls , leven rambin tv's true detective , kris kristofferson blade franchise , watchmen , zane holtz tv's from dusk till dawn , and joel murray god bless america . c starz
los reyes del pueblo que no existe documentary
nine lives comedy tom brand kevin spacey is a daredevil billionaire at the top of his game . his eponymous company firebrand is nearing completion on its greatest achievement to date the tallest skyscraper in the northern hemisphere . but tom's workaholic lifestyle has disconnected him from his family , particularly his beautiful wife lara jennifer garner and his adoring daughter rebecca malina weissman . rebecca's 11th birthday is here , and she wants the gift she wants every year , a cat . tom hates cats , but he is without a gift and time is running out . his gps directs him to a mystical pet store brimming with odd and exotic cats where the store's eccentric owner felix perkins christopher walken , presents him with a majestic tomcat , named mr . fuzzypants . en route to his daughter's party , tom has a terrible accident . when he regains consciousness he discovers that somehow , he has become trapped inside the body of the cat . adopted by his own family , he begins to experience what life is truly like for the family pet , and as a cat , tom begins to see his family and his life through a new and unexpected perspective . meanwhile , his family adjusts to life with an odd and stubborn cat , and his son david robbie amell , steps up in ways tom never expected . if any hope exists of returning to his family as the husband and father they deserve , tom will have to learn why he has been placed in this peculiar situation and the great lengths he must go to earn back his human existence .
dolly parton's coat of many colors drama this inspiring tale recounts the story of a young dolly parton and how her family coped with drought , poverty and death in tennessee's smoky mountains during the 1950s . alyvia alyn lind plays the future country music superstar as a young girl , while ricky schroder and jennifer nettles co star as dolly's parents .
tale of tales il racconto dei racconti horror science fiction fantasy once upon a time there were three neighboring kingdoms each with a magnificent castle , from which ruled kings and queens , princes and princesses . one king was a fornicating libertine , another captivated by a strange animal , while one of the queens was obsessed by her wish for a child . sorcerers and fairies , fearsome monsters , ogres and old washerwomen , acrobats and courtesans are the protagonists of this loose interpretation of the celebrated tales of giambattista basile .
april and the extraordinary world avril et le monde truqu action adventure animation comedy from the producers of the academy award nominated persepolis and the mind of renowned graphic novelist jacques tardi comes a riveting sci fi adventure set in an alternate steampunk world . paris , 1941 . a family of scientists is on the brink of discovering a powerful longevity serum when all of a sudden a mysterious force abducts them , leaving their young daughter april behind . ten years later , april academy award winner marion cotillard lives alone with her cat , darwin , and carries on her family's research in secret . but she soon finds herself at the center of a shadowy and far reaching conspiracy , and on the run from government agents , bicycle powered dirigibles and cyborg rat spies .
son of saul drama in this searing drama , a concentration camp inmate tasked with burning the dead discovers the body of his young son , and must choose between participating in the clandestine uprising being planned among the prisoners , or securing a proper jewish burial for his child .
forbidden films documentary 1 , 200 feature films were made in germany's third reich . according to experts , some 100 of these were blatant nazi propaganda . nearly seventy years after the end of the nazi regime , more than 40 of these films remain under lock and key . director felix moeller harlan in the shadow of jew s ss interviews german film historians , archivists and filmgoers in an investigation of the power , and potential danger , of cinema when used for ideological purposes . utilizing clips from the films and recorded discussions from public screenings permitted in germany in educational contexts in munich , berlin , paris and jerusalem , moeller shows how contentious these 70 year old films remain , and how propaganda can retain its punch when presented to audiences susceptible to manipulation . telluride film festival c zeitgeist films
green room horror green room is a brilliantly crafted and wickedly fun horror thriller starring patrick stewart as a diabolical club owner who squares off against an unsuspecting but resilient young punk band . down on their luck punk rockers the ain't rights are finishing up a long and unsuccessful tour , and are about to call it quits when they get an unexpected booking at an isolated , run down club deep in the backwoods of oregon . what seems merely to be a third rate gig escalates into something much more sinister when they witness an act of violence backstage that they weren't meant to see . now trapped backstage , they must face off against the club's depraved owner , darcy banker stewart , a man who will do anything to protect the secrets of his nefarious enterprise . but while darcy and his henchmen think the band will be easy to get rid of , the ain't rights prove themselves much more cunning and capable than anyone expected , turning the tables on their unsuspecting captors and setting the stage for the ultimate life or death showdown . intense , emotional , and ingeniously twisted , green room is genre filmmaking at its best and most original . saulnier continues to build his reputation as one of the most exciting and distinctive directors working today , with a movie that's completely different from his previous , highly acclaimed blue ruin , but which is just as risk taking and even more full of twists . the entire cast deliver first rate performances , but patrick stewart gives a transformative and brilliantly devious turn as darcy elegant yet lethal , droll yet terrifying , stewart makes the film simply unforgettable .
sweet bean an drama a lonely japanese baker hires a 76 year old woman to be his new assistant , and soon learns that she has a wonderful recipe for sweet red bean paste which she claims comes from her communion with nature . however , their partnership is threatened when it's revealed that the elderly woman is suffering from a severe illness . directed by naomi kawase .
a tale of love and darkness art house international drama a tale of love and darkness is based on the memories of amos oz , growing up in jerusalem in the years before israeli statehood with arieh , his academic father and fania , his dreamy , imaginative mother . they were one of many jewish families who moved to palestine from europe during the 1930s and 40s to escape persecution . arieh was cautiously hopeful for the future but fania wanted much more . the terror of the war and running from home had been followed by the tedium of everyday life , which weighed heavily on fania's spirit . unhappy in her marriage and intellectually stifled , she would make up stories of adventures like treks across the desert to cheer herself up and entertain her 10 year old son amos . he became so enraptured when she read him poetry and explained about words and language ; it would become an influence on his writing for the rest of his life . when independence didn't bring the renewed sense of life that fania had hoped for , she slipped into solitude and sadness . unable to help her , amos was forced to say an untimely good bye . as he witnessed the birth of israel , he had to come to terms with his own new beginning .
goon last of the enforcers comedy after one too many injuries , hockey enforcer doug glatt seann william scott is forced to give up his aspirations of going to the big show and settle into a buttoned down career as an insurance salesman at the urging of his pregnant wife eva alison pill . however , doug can't resist the siren call of the highlanders , so he sets course to reclaim his former glory .
miracles from heaven drama when christy discovers her 10 year old daughter anna has a rare , incurable disease , she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter's healing as she searches for a solution . after anna has a freak accident , an extraordinary miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified , her family restored and their community inspired . based on a true story .
uss indianapolis men of courage action adventure drama nic cage , tom sizemore and tom jane star in the harrowing tale of real life american heroes shipwrecked in shark infested waters in the waning days of world war ii .
valerian and the city of a thousand planets action adventure drama science fiction fantasy valerian and the city of a thousand planets is the visually spectacular new adventure film from luc besson , the legendary director of the professional , the fifth element and lucy , based on the ground breaking comic book series which inspired a generation of artists , writers and filmmakers . in the 28th century , valerian dane dehaan and laureline cara delevingne are a team of special operatives charged with maintaining order throughout the human territories . under assignment from the minister of defense , the two embark on a mission to the astonishing city of alpha an ever expanding metropolis where species from all over the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge , intelligence and cultures with each other . there is a mystery at the center of alpha , a dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the city of a thousand planets , and valerian and laureline must race to identify the marauding menace and safeguard not just alpha , but the future of the universe .
krisha drama when krisha shows up at her sister's texas home on thanksgiving morning , her close and extended family greet her with a mixture of warmth and wariness . almost immediately , a palpable unease permeates the air , one which only grows in force as krisha gets to work cooking the turkey and trying to make up for lost time by catching up with her various relatives , chief among them her nephew , trey . as krisha's attempts at reconciliation become increasingly rebuffed , tension and suspicion reach their peak , with long buried secrets and deep seated resentments coming to the fore as everyone becomes immersed in an emotionally charged familial reckoning .
truth drama on the morning of september 9 , 2004 , veteran cbs news producer mary mapes cate blanchett believed she had every reason to feel proud of a broadcast journalism job well done . by the end of the day , mapes , cbs news , and the venerable cbs news anchor dan rather robert redford would be under harsh scrutiny . c sony
bolshoi babylon documentary the bolshoi . symbol of russia , a national treasure and one of the most famous institutions in the world . recently , however , the theatre has been in the headlines for all the wrong reasons intrigue , personal attacks and management changes have created lurid headlines . now , for the first time , the theatre directors have allowed the backstage process to documented . with unparalleled behind the scenes access , the film will pay tribute to the dancers' extraordinary artistic and athletic talents , their abiding fear of injury and the ruthless ambition needed to survive in the world's most famous ballet company .
by the sea drama romance a married couple takes a vacation in france in the 1970s and find that their time in a sleepy seaside town , complete with a unique array of locals , strengthens their bond and reaffirms their marriage .
runoff drama the beauty of the land cannot mask the brutality of a farm town . as harvest draws near , betty confronts a terrifying new reality and will go to desperate lengths to save her family when they are threatened with being forced from their land . an old friend , struggling to keep his own farm profitable by any means necessary offers betty a way out . she refuses to get involved , but as the pressures mount for her family and they are on the brink of eviction , her husband , frank , reveals that he is seriously ill . how far will one to go to take care of one's own ? recalling all that is heartland americana , this film combines an ecological urgency with a compelling yet sensitive story . c monterey
something better to come documentary special interest 11 year old yula lives in one of the most desolate places on earth the svalka , the biggest junkyard in europe , 20 km outside the center of moscow . surrounded by barbed wire and guards , the area is closely monitored to keep intruders out . but in the junkyard lives a group of people in a small , lawless society . these people make up yula's closest family ; here she lives her life , and from here her future springs . c official site
last cab to darwin drama in last cab to darwin , rex michael caton , a cab driver in the mining town broken hill , has spent his life avoiding getting close to people even his best friend and occasional lover polly ningali lawford wolf , who lives across the road . one day , rex discovers he doesn't have long to live . not wanting to be forced to rely on anyone , least of all polly , he decides to leave his home and drive alone the 3000kms across the australian continent to darwin , where a recently passed law and a willing dr . farmer jacki weaver will allow him to die on his own terms . but on his epic journey he discovers that before you can end your life you've got to live it , and to live it you've got to learn to share it .
uncle kent 2 comedy kent osborne travels to a comic book convention in san diego where he loses his mind and confronts the end of the world .
dude bro party massacre iii comedy horror dude bro party massacre iii is the brainchild of 5 second films , an la based company creating and distributing short viral videos way before vine and twitter which time magazine listed as one of the 50 best websites in 2013 . they've been featured on cnn ,
retribution el desconocido art house international mystery suspense carlos , a bank executive , starts his daily routine by driving his kids to school . when he takes off in his car , he receives an anonymous telephone call informing him that there is a bomb under his seat . a stranger's voice tells him he has just a few hours to obtain a large amount of money or else the bomb inside the car will explode .
the accountant drama christian wolff ben affleck is a math savant with more affinity for numbers than people . behind the cover of a small town cpa office , he works as a freelance accountant for some of the world's most dangerous criminal organizations . with the treasury department's crime enforcement division , run by ray king j . k . simmons , starting to close in , christian takes on a legitimate client a state of the art robotics company where an accounting clerk anna kendrick has discovered a discrepancy involving millions of dollars . but as christian uncooks the books and gets closer to the truth , it is the body count that starts to rise .
diamond tongues comedy drama edith welland dreams of being a successful actress but just cannot seem to make things happen . things get worse when the ex boyfriend she broke up with to focus on her career takes up acting on a whim and immediately books a leading role . when edith cannot figure out what she is doing wrong , she begins to do everything wrong .
war dogs comedy drama
elvira , i will give you my life but i'm using it elvira , te dar a mi vida pero la estoy usando art house international comedy drama in caro's third feature film , elvira's husband goes out to buy a pack of cigarettes , and never comes back . the 40 year old mother of two young children frantically hunts for clues . erratically taking things into her own hands , elvira turns into an amateur sleuth on a relentless and hysterical quest to discover what happened . as elvira begins to unravel secrets about the husband she thought she knew , her own repressed identity begins to unravel before her . emmy nominated actress cecilia su rez shines in the title role of this delightfully rare , physical and emotional comedy . she's joined by a cast of leading popular and established actors including luis gerardo m ndez , co star of the record breaking nosotros los nobles and last year's mexican academy award entry cantinflas ; accomplished spanish actor carlos bardem days of grace and escobar paradise lost ; and colombian actress angie cepeda , who stars in the forthcoming wild horses directed by robert duvall . c cinema tropical
dheepan drama winner of the palme d'or at the 2015 cannes film festival , the new film from acclaimed director jacques audiard a prophet is a gripping , human tale of survival . on the losing side of a civil war in sri lanka , a tamil soldier antonythasan jesuthasan poses as the husband and father of two other refugees in order to escape their ravaged homeland . arriving in france , the makeshift
my king mon roi drama romance tony is admitted to a rehabilitation center after a serious skiing accident . dependent on the medical staff and pain relievers , she takes time to look back on a turbulent relationship that she experienced with georgio . why did they love each other ? who is this man that she loved so deeply ? how did she allow herself to submit to this suffocating and destructive passion ? for tony , a difficult process of healing is in front of her , physical work which may finally set her free .
a perfect day art house international drama it's just another day on the job for a band of badass war zone rescue workers as they defy death and confront war's absurdities . the setting is 1995 ,
the brand new testament le tout nouveau testament comedy god exists , and he's a jerk . he lives in a high rise apartment in brussels and never gets out of his pajamas . he takes sadistic delight in dreaming up new
youth comedy drama youth is about two longtime friends vacationing in the swiss alps . oscar winning actor michael caine plays fred , an acclaimed composer and conductor , who brings along his daughter rachel weisz and best friend mick harvey keitel , a renowned filmmaker . while mick scrambles to finish the screenplay for what he imagines will be his last important film , fred has no intention of resuming his musical career . the two men reflect on their past , each finding that some of the most important experiences can come later in life .
my all american drama from angelo pizzo , the writer of rudy and hoosiers , comes my all american the true story of one of legendary ut austin football coach darrell royal's aaron eckhart most beloved players , freddie steinmark finn wittrock , an underdog who led his team to a championship season and was an inspiration both on and off the field . c clarius
pressure mystery suspense a group of men are trapped in a small pod on the sea bed , after diving down to fix an oil pipeline and becoming separated from their ship .
love art house international drama enter the void director gaspar noe helms this 3d envelope pushing , non linear narrative examining modern love and sexual desires .
fatima art house international drama fatima lives on her own with two daughters to support 15 year old souad , a teenager in revolt , and 18 year old nesrine , who is starting medical school . fatima speaks french poorly and is constantly frustrated by her daily interactions with her daughters . her pride and joy , they are also a source of worry . to ensure the best possible future for them , she works odd hours as a cleaning woman . one day , she takes a fall on the stairs . on leave , fatima begins to write to her daughters in arabic that which she has never been able to express in french .
the assassin action adventure art house international drama a female assassin is ordered to take out a nobleman she was previously engaged to . directed by hou hsiao hsien .
marshland la isla m nima art house international mystery suspense special interest the spanish deep south , 1980 . a series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters both detectives in the homicide division to investigate the cases . with deep divisions in their ideology , detectives juan and pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past .
welcome to karachi action adventure comedy welcome to karachi is upcoming film directed by ashish r mohan . the film stars arshad varshi and jackky bhagnani .
keanu action adventure comedy keegan michael key and jordan peele star in this comedy as two friends posing as drug dealers to get back a stolen cat . peter atencio directed .
how to win at checkers every time drama after the loss of both parents , 11 years old oat faces an uncertain future when his older brother must submit to thailand's annual military draft lottery . unable to convince his brother to do whatever he can to change his fate , oat takes matters into his own hands resulting in unexpected consequences . based on the stories from the bestselling book
big stone gap comedy romance ave maria mulligan ashley judd , the town's self proclaimed spinster , has resigned herself to a quiet life of singlehood and being useful . she works in her family's pharmacy , delivers the prescriptions herself , and directs the town's annual outdoor drama until one day she learns of a long buried family secret that changes the course of her life forever .
southside with you drama romance inspired by barack and michelle obama's first date , southside with you recounts the eventful summer day in 1989 when a young law firm associate named barack obama parker sawyers tried to woo lawyer michelle robinson tika sumpter during a daylong date that took them from the art institute of chicago to a screening of spike lee's do the right thing to the site of their first kiss outside of an ice cream parlor .
fassbinder to love without demands fassbinder at elske uden at kr ve documentary
the masked saint action adventure the journey of a professional wrestler who becomes a small town pastor and moonlights as a masked vigilante fighting injustice . while facing a crisis at home and at the church , the pastor must evade the police and somehow reconcile his violent secret identity with his calling to be a pastor .
planetarium drama science fiction fantasy paris , at the end of the 30s , laura and kate barlow are two young sister fortune tellers , just finishing their european tour . exhausted by the tour and faced with the competition of new practices , they meet andr korben , a big cinema producer . he is a controversial visionary ; the owner of the largest cinema studio in france , using the latest american techniques to keep his company out of the doldrums . out of a desire to test his own scepticism and a keen sense of curiosity , korben invites the two sisters to hold a private s ance the result turns his world upside down . he is so disturbed he offers them a contract to try out ambitious experiments . . . he tells himself that cinema must innovate and surprise to evolve that he can make the first truly authentic ghost film . but laura quickly gathers that korben has other , more secret reasons for having employed them . together they end up forming a strange family with increasingly disturbing relations . . .
hacksaw ridge action adventure drama hacksaw ridge is the extraordinary true story of desmond doss andrew garfield who , in okinawa during the bloodiest battle of wwii , saved 75 men without firing or carrying a gun . he was the only american soldier in wwii to fight on the front lines without a weapon , as he believed that while the war was justified , killing was nevertheless wrong . as an army medic , he single handedly evacuated the wounded from behind enemy lines , braved fire while tending to soldiers and was wounded by a grenade and hit by snipers . doss was the first conscientious objector to ever earn the congressional medal of honor .
gurukulam documentary drama in vivid and sensuous detail , gurukulam follows a group of students and their teacher as they confront fundamental questions about the nature of reality and self identity at a remote forest ashram in southern india . daily chores , meditation , ritual , and rigorous study are woven together connecting the natural and spiritual worlds in moments of surprising revelation and comic contradiction . deeply observational and experiential , gurukulam evokes the presence of the place and a tactile sense of the sacred . the richly layered soundscape and the intimate imagery bring us into a place of extraordinary beauty and simplicity . from swami dayananda's first lesson 'saying is only an expression of what you see , ' gurukulam is a rare invitation to look , listen , and experience a contemplative rhythm of life as old as the bhagavad gita and as new as present day india .
baahubali the beginning action adventure art house international drama special interest romance a banished prince returns to free his mother the queen from the clutches of the tyrannical bhallala deva who has wrongfully usurped the kingdom from his elder brother .
i am chris farley art house international documentary the film , from the directors of a brony tale , i am evel knievel and the upcoming johnny cash american rebel , tells chris farley's story , from his early days in madison , wisconsin , and at marquette university , through his work at the legendary club second city to his rapid rise to the top of the comedy world on
those people drama romance on manhattan's gilded upper east side , a young painter , charlie , finds the man of his dreams in an older pianist from across the globe , tim . if only charlie weren't secretly in love with his own manipulative best friend , sebastian , who is embroiled in a financial scandal . in the wake of sebastian's notoriety , their tight knit group of friends must confront the new realities of adulthood .
dragon ball z resurrection 'f' action adventure animation science fiction fantasy even the complete obliteration of his physical form can't stop the galaxy's most evil overlord . after years in spiritual purgatory , frieza has been resurrected and plans to take his revenge on the z fighters of earth . facing off against frieza's powerful new form , and his army of 1 , 000 soldiers , goku and vegeta must reach new levels of strength in order to protect earth from their vengeful nemesis .
thomas friends sodor's legend of the lost treasure animation kids family
extinction drama horror mystery suspense for nine years , patrick matthew fox , jack jeffrey donovan and his daughter lu quinn mccolgan have outlasted the zombie apocalypse by shutting themselves off in the snowbound town of harmony . the monsters have seemingly disappeared , with no sign of other survivors , but the constant fear of the unknown is starting to take a toll on this makeshift family . when patrick goes scavenging for food , he discovers the undead have returned and evolved into something terrifying , beyond imagination . will the last breath of the human race survive a second zombie apocalypse ?
un gallo con muchos huevos animation toto , was born the runt of the litter . but , when an evil rancher threatens to destroy his home and his family , toto must go from a timid young
almost holy crocodile gennadiy documentary the fall of the soviet union left ukraine in a wake of social and political upheaval . the crippled economy and corrupt infrastructure produced little hope . however , a pastor and civic leader from mariupol , ukraine named gennadiy mokhnenko made a name for himself by forcibly abducting homeless drug addicted kids from streets of his city . he founded pilgrim republic , a children's rehabilitation center and home for former street kids . with gennadiy's help over the years , things seem to have changed . mariupol is no longer crawling with homeless kids . many credit this largely to his efforts at pilgrim . now , as the large majority of ukraine leans towards a european union inclusion , hopes of continued revitalization seem possible . in the meantime , gennadiy's center has evolved into a more nebulous institution .
il nome del figlio an italian name comedy pablo and his wife are expecting a baby , but their friends don't like they name they've chosen .
stink ! documentary
sully action adventure drama tom hanks stars in this thrilling portrait of heroic airline pilot chesley
portrait of a serial monogamist comedy drama romance smart , successful , and charming , elsie is the perfect girlfriend she also happens to be a serial monogamist , with a long history of broken hearts . when elsie breaks up with her long standing girlfriend robin to pursue another woman , she faces her mother's disapproval , conflicting advice from friends , and the nagging suspicion that she may have made a big mistake . set in the parkdale neighborhood of toronto , portrait of a serial monogamist invites audiences to peek behind the curtain to a world of smart , funny and relatable queer characters , dealing with the universal complications of modern relationships . not another coming out story , this is a fresh coming of middle age romantic comedy .
fifty shades of black comedy this spoof from the wayans brothers parodies the ultra popular novel film series fifty shades of grey .
kaakkaa muttai art house international
already tomorrow in hong kong comedy romance in this sparkling romance , ruby jamie chung , a chinese american toy designer from la , visits hong kong for the first time on business . finding herself stranded , she meets josh bryan greenberg , an american expat who shows her the city . meandering through nighttime streets pulsing with energy and possibility , they fall into a winding and carefree conversation , buoyed by an undeniable attraction . as effervescent as a perfect first date , emily ting's charming directorial debut takes full advantage of the chemistry of its leads , the playfulness of their exchanges , and the magical landscape that is hong kong at night . it's already tomorrow in hong kong is written and directed by emily ting and produced by ting and sophia shek .
sin alas art house international drama 70 year old luis vargas sits in front of his crumbling art deco building in downtown havana reading the communist newspaper . he notices an obituary for isabela mu oz , a once renowned modern dancer , and attends her funeral , standing apart from the rest of the mourners . that night he can't sleep and is tormented by a fragment of the melody from her famous performance in 1967 . his friend ovilio suggests completing the melody as a way of letting go , but after a meandering search through the streets of havana , luis is led even deeper into a world of memory he has spent decades trying to forget . as scenes from his dramatic affair with isabela unfold into his consciousness of daily life luis begins to see parallels in the strained marriage of his young neighbors and the memories of his parents from his childhood in the provinces . realizing his place in a cycle of failed intentions the old man tries to make a break . c official site
how he fell in love drama romance travis , a young struggling musician , crosses paths with ellen , an older married yoga teacher who is trying to adopt a child with her husband . travis and ellen begin an affair that slowly deepens into something more intimate and profound . as their encounters continue , ellen is confronted with her failing marriage while travis must face the consequences of his actions . c official site
growing up smith good ol' boy comedy drama kids family when an indian family moves to america in 1979 with the hope of living the american dream , their 10 year old son , smith , falls head over heels for the girl next door . with an american dream of his own , smith strives to become a
paulo coelho's best story drama global phenomenon paulo coelho was not always the best selling inspirational author he is today . for decades he searched for his calling , just like the allegorical heroes in spiritual classics the alchemist and the pilgrimage . tracing his journey from humble roots to eventual emergence as the prolific author of 30 books that have sold over 165 million copies , this film reveals the most unbelievable wonder of all the man behind the masterpieces .
puerto ricans in paris comedy
crumbs action adventure decades after the apocalypse and after extraterrestrial life has been discovered , the few inhabitants left in a hostile earth struggle to survive by squatting and rummaging to make ends meet . for many years , an alien spaceship has hovered in the skies , undisturbed and dormant , slowly rusting away . tired of picking up the crumbs of gone by civilizations , gagano dreams of the day when he is not living in a state of perpetual fear . when the spaceship in the sky begins to turn on , and after a series of freak incidents in the bowling alley that gagano and selam call home , our miniature sized hero will be forced to embark on a surreal epic journey through this post apocalyptic ethiopian landscape . as gagano grapples with his fears , witches , santa claus and second generation nazis , he discovers the memories that lead him on this journey might not be real .
rams hr tar drama winner of the un certain regard prize at this year's cannes film festival and best narrative feature at the hampton's film festival , this charming , stunningly shot drama focuses on two icelandic sheep farmers whose decades long feud comes to a head when disaster strikes their flocks . in a secluded valley , estranged brothers gummi and kiddi live side by side tending to their prized ancestral sheep stock , despite not having spoken in 40 years . when a lethal disease suddenly infects kiddi's sheep , all the animals in the area are culled to contain the outbreak , with many farmers abandoning their land . but the brothers don't give up so easily and each tries to stave off the disaster in his own fashion kiddi by using his rifle and gummi by using his wits . as the authorities close in , they will need to come together to save the special breed passed down for generations and themselves from extinction .
women he's undressed documentary during the hollywood boom years the legendary orry kelly was costume designer on an astonishing 282 motion pictures , designing for marilyn monroe , bette davis , humphrey bogart , rosalind russell , and many more stars . orry was as big a legend behind the scenes as the on screen legends he adoringly dressed . three times an oscar winner , orry was talented , daring , brash , bold and the toast of hollywood , yet the thorn in the side of many a studio head . women he's undressed celebrates his story . includes interviews with actors jane fonda and angela lansbury , critic leonard maltin , costume designers ann roth , catherine martin , colleen atwood , michael wilkinson , kim barrett , plus family members and more .
harbinger down horror science fiction fantasy a group of grad students set out on the fishing trawler harbinger to study the effects of global warming in the bering sea , when suddenly the ship's crew dredges up a thawed piece of soviet space wreckage . things get downright deadly when aggresively mutating organisms , who were locked in ice for 3 decades , surface from the wreckage and discover warmth from human companionship .
queen mimi documentary forced onto the streets in her 50s , mimi found
war machine action adventure comedy brad pitt and anthony michael hall star in this satirical comedy that focuses on american military involvement in afghanistan . the biting story , based on the book the operator the wild and terrifying inside story of america's war in afghanistan by michael hastings , is directed by david michod , and views the conflict from the perspective of the men leading the military campaign .
spotlight drama mystery suspense spotlight tells the riveting true story of the pulitzer prize winning boston globe investigation that would rock the city and cause a crisis in one of the world's oldest and most trusted institutions . when the newspaper's tenacious
the program drama from academy award r nominated director stephen frears the queen , philomena and producers working title films the theory of everything , everest , tinker tailor soldier spy , comes the true story of the meteoric rise and fall of one of the most celebrated and controversial men in recent history ; lance armstrong , the world renowned tour de france champion . the world needs heroes and lance armstrong was the ultimate sporting hero . following a gruelling battle with cancer , lance returned to his cycling career in 1999 more determined than ever and with his sights set firmly on winning the tour de france . with the help of the infamous italian physician michele ferrari and team director johan bruyneel , he developed the most sophisticated doping program in the history of the sport . this program allowed lance and his american teammates to dominate the world of cycling , winning the tour an unprecedented seven times . however not everyone believed the fairytale . . . sunday times journalist , david walsh , at first charmed by lance's charisma and talent , soon began to question whether the 'world's greatest athlete' was 'clean' . walsh sought to unveil the truth , his ensuing battle with armstrong risked his own career , ostracised him from the cycling community and cost his paper , the sunday times , hundreds of thousands in legal costs . but the indefatigable walsh eventually uncovered the truth when a select few prepared to talk came forward , exposing one of the greatest deceptions of our time . inspired by the award winning book 'seven deadly sins' by david walsh , and featuring a stellar cast including ben foster lone survivor , chris o'dowd calvary , guillaume canet tell no one and jesse plemons breaking bad , the program is a tense and suspenseful thriller .
a deadly adoption special interest a successful couple will ferrell and kristen wiig house and care for a pregnant woman in the hopes of adopting her unborn child , but things quickly go awry .
pitch perfect 3 comedy now graduated from college and out in the real world where it takes more than a cappella to get by , the bellas return in pitch perfect 3 , the next chapter in the beloved series that has taken in more than 400 million at the global box office . after the highs of winning the world championships , the bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth . but when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas uso tour , this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music , and some questionable decisions , one last time .
6 ways to die action adventure mystery suspense special interest after being beaten and left to die , the mysterious john doe is out for revenge to bring down the notorious drug kingpin sonny garcia . to just kill sonny would be too easy . john wants to inflict a level of pain beyond measure by hiring six top assassins to rip sonny's life apart piece by piece .
abcd 2 drama in this thrill a minute ride , a group of dancers from the outskirts of mumbai overcome many obstacles on their way to becoming a top dance troupe , complete with a trip to las vegas .
hitchcock truffaut documentary in 1962 , alfred hitchcock and a 30 year old fran ois truffaut sequestered themselves in a windowless hollywood office for a weeklong conversation . the result the seminal book
popstar never stop never stopping comedy musical performing arts universal pictures' popstar never stop never stopping is headlined by musical digital shorts superstars andy samberg , akiva schaffer and jorma taccone , collectively known as the lonely island . the comedy goes behind the scenes as singer rapper conner4real samberg faces a crisis of popularity after his sophomore album flops , leaving his fans , sycophants and rivals all wondering what to do when he's no longer the dopest star of all . the latest comedy from blockbuster producer judd apatow trainwreck , superbad , knocked up co stars sarah silverman , tim meadows and maya rudolph and many of the biggest names in comedy and music in cameo performances . co directed by schaffer and taccone and written by the lonely island trio , popstar is also produced by rodney rothman producer of get him to the greek , forgetting sarah marshall ; co writer of 22 jump street , as well as samberg , schaffer and taccone .
walt before mickey drama kids family this film is about walt disney's early years . for ten years before the creation of mickey mouse , walt disney struggled with , failed at , and eventually mastered the art and business of animation . walt disney worked in a variety of venues and studios , refining what would become known as the disney style . this film captures the years 1919 1928 , creating a portrait of the artist from age seventeen to the cusp of his international renown .
the absent one fasandraeberne art house international mystery suspense special interest in 1994 two young twins are found brutally murdered in a summer cottage . a number of clues point in the direction of a group of young upper class students from a nearby boarding school , but the case is closed as a local outsider pleads guilty and is convicted for the murders . when the case ends up on carl m rck's desk 20 years later , he soon realises that something is terribly wrong . as carl and assad start investigating the case , they are led on to an old emergency call from a desperate girl , kimmie , who seems to know the secrets of the murders . but carl and assad will have to contend with a group of influential men at the top of society who will do all they can to keep kimmie silent .
chronic drama david is an in home nurse who works with terminally ill patients . efficient and dedicated to his profession , david develops strong , even intimate , relationships with each person he cares for . but outside of his work , david is ineffectual , awkward , and reserved effects of his chronic depression and he needs each patient as much as they need him . having long carried a burden of guilt and remorse , david must face his past in order to heal .
therapy for a vampire der vampir auf der couch comedy horror vienna , 1930 . count von kozsnom has lost his thirst for life , and his marriage cooled centuries ago . fortunately , sigmund freud is accepting new patients the good doctor suggests the count appease his vain wife by commissioning a portrait of her by his assistant , viktor . but it's viktor's headstrong girlfriend lucy who most intrigues the count , convinced she's the reincarnation of his one true love . soon , the whole crowd is a hilarious mess of mistaken identities and misplaced affections in this send up of the vampire genre , proving that 500 years of marriage is enough .
cialo body comedy drama a busy attorney , worried that his anorexic daughter olga might try to harm herself , since she's still grieving over her recently deceased mother , sends her to see a psychiatrist , anna , who's dealing with her own loss in an unusual way .
gayby baby documentary gayby baby follows the lives of four kids gus , ebony , matt and graham whose parents all happen to be gay . as they each wrestle with personal change , the outside world wrestles with the issue of marriage equality , and whether or not kids of same sex families are at risk .
mountain men action adventure comedy drama mountain men follows two estranged brothers , topher tyler labine of
thank you for playing documentary when ryan green , a video game programmer , learns that his young son joel is terminally , he and his wife begin documenting their emotional journey in the form of an unusually beautiful video game . thank you for playing follows ryan and his family over two years through the creation of
the uncondemned documentary this documentary is about the first time rape was prosecuted as a crime of war . it's been a crime of war since 1919 , but wasn't prosecuted until 1997 , when a group of young prosecutors , activists and investigators went after that first conviction . the case was fought by legal underdogs , against the odds , and that it almost didn't happen . thanks to the extraordinary courage of witnesses jj , nn and oo and their fearless leader godelieve mukasarasi , women from rural rwanda changed history .
carmin tropical drama
sworn virgin vergine giurata drama sworn virgin follows a young woman named hana who lives in an albanian village ruled by men , and she takes an oath of eternal virginity to live as a
the closer we get documentary karen's mother ann suffers a devastating stroke that brings her daughter back home when she least expects it . but karen isn't the only one who returns to help care for ann in the crisis her prodigal father , the unfathomable but endearing ian separated from ann for years also reappears . armed with her camera , karen seizes this last chance to confront the family story before it's too late , to come to terms with the aftermath of the secret her father had tried and failed to keep from them all , and to find that ann's stroke has in fact thrown them all a life raft .
requiem for the american dream documentary in a series of interviews spanning four years , leftist social critic noam chomsky discusses how the concentration of wealth and power among a small elite has polarized american society and brought about the decline of the middle class .
uncertain documentary winner of tribeca film festival's albert maysles documentary director award , uncertain is a visually stunning and disarmingly funny portrait of the literal and figurative troubled waters of uncertain , texas . in a 94 resident town so tucked away
spark a space tail action adventure animation comedy kids family science fiction fantasy thirteen years ago the power mad general zhong seized control of planet bana , tearing it to pieces in the process . enter spark and his friends , chunk and vix , who learn of zhong's plan to take over the universe . if zhong is able to harness the power of an ancient beast known as the kraken , he'll have history's deadliest weapon at his fingertips . and it's up to spark and his friends to stop him . an action packed space odyssey filled with humor and heart , spark is the story of a boy who embarks on an epic adventure , and in the process discovers his rightful place in the universe .
confirmation drama television the confirmation hearings for judge clarence thomas wendell pierce become a media spectacle when his former colleague anita hill kerry washington accuses the supreme court justice nominee of sexual harassment . rick famuyiwa dope directed this political drama for hbo films , with greg kinnear , jeffrey wright , and jennifer hudson co starring .
hilda comedy drama
bound to vengeance horror in this pulse pounding horror thriller , a kidnapped woman tina ivlev escapes from the basement where she was being held , and decides to turn the tables on her captor in order to rescue other victims . she leads her depraved kidnapper on a wild hunt across the city to free the other girls he has held captive before their clock runs out .
king jack action adventure drama jack is a scrappy fifteen year old kid stuck in a run down small town . trapped in a violent feud with a cruel older bully and facing another bout of summer school , jack's got all the problems he can handle . so when jack's aunt falls ill and his runty younger cousin must stay with him for the weekend the last thing jack wants to do is look after him . unfortunately no one really cares what jack wants . set over a hazy summer weekend , king jack is a tough and tender coming of age story about friendship and finding happiness in rough surroundings .
ingrid bergman in her own words jag r ingrid documentary a captivating look behind the scenes of the remarkable life of a young swedish girl who became one of the most celebrated actresses of american and world cinema .
ruben guthrie comedy drama romance life is good for ad man ruben guthrie he leads a party boy lifestyle , has a model fianc e and lives in a house on the water . he's at the top of his game , until some drunken skylarking lands ruben at the bottom of his infinity pool , lucky to be alive . his mum hits the panic button , and then his fianc e leaves him , but not before issuing him one final challenge if ruben can do one year without a drink , she'll give him another chance . . . ruben guthrie is the story of one man not only battling the bottle , but the city that won't let him put it down .
containment art house international horror mystery suspense science fiction fantasy when mark , a failed artist estranged from his wife and son , wakes to find the doors and windows of his flat sealed shut . at first , he assumes it's a sick joke . then he sees mysterious figures outside wearing protective suits 'hazmats' . they claim it's for his safety but , as the day wears on and the 'hazmats' infiltrate the building and begin snatching residents , tempers fray and fear takes over . together with his neighbors , mark soon discovers that the real dangers are already sealed in there with them .
frank the bastard horror still reeling from a rocky divorce and the recent death of her father , clair defina , a 33 year old new york writer , needs a change . her best friend , isolda , suggests they drive up the coast of maine to the remote northern region where claire spent her early childhood . clair and her father left when she was six , following the tragic death of her mother in a fire , and she hasn't returned since . arriving in the quaint but dilapidated seaside town of edgeport , clair meets an eclectic group of locals , many of whom once lived on a nearby commune with her parents in the 1970's . she's surprised when they tell her she has family her father never told her about , a 90 year old great aunt dora living out on a farm at the edge of town with her daughter alice . over the next 48 hours , clair must deal with an increasingly dangerous present while delving into the murky past . as she comes face to face with the toxic legacy that has been buried beneath the town literally and figuratively for decades , she also has a series of strange encounters with the enigmatic frank byron , cyrus' bastard son . but in frank , clair ultimately finds her only ally in what will become a battle to redeem the crimes of the past and protect their future . c official site
safelight drama the paths of three desperate individuals perilously cross in a dusty desert town . charles evan peters is a high school senior with physical challenges , vickie juno temple is a troubled runaway turning tricks at a truck stop , and skid kevin alejandro is her dangerously psychotic pimp , who has a huge chip on his shoulder . he continuously harasses charles and vickie but things take a menacing turn when the two embark on a road trip up the california coast to photograph lighthouses . skid can't stand the imagined betrayal and comes looking to punish vickie , armed with a hunting knife . the three of them face each other in a violent showdown that will change their lives forever . c arc
wiener dog comedy a dachshund is taken in by a veterinary technician named dawn wiener greta gerwig , who soon sets off on a road trip . the lovable dog also encounters a young boy , a film professor , and a troubled grandmother and granddaughter . the character of dawn wiener first appeared in the 1995 coming of age film welcome to the dollhouse , which was also written and directed by todd solondz . wiener dog made its world premiere at the 2016 sundance film festival .
the circle drama mystery suspense the circle is a gripping modern thriller starring emma watson
my name is emily drama this is a story of madness , sadness and love . on her 16th birthday , emily escapes from her foster home , and with the help of arden , the boy who loves her , she sets out to find her father , a visionary writer , locked up in a far off mental institution .
tap world documentary musical performing arts this documentary stars the most cutting edge tap dancers from across the globe . it follows leaders of the art form who are shaping the community around them . their personal stories of inspiration , struggle , and triumph are keeping this art form alive and thriving internationally .
staten island summer comedy from producer lorne michaels , creator of saturday night live , comes an outrageous coming of age comedy about a hilarious group of misfit lifeguards on a mission to throw the wildest party of the summer . featuring an all star cast of snl favorites including cecily strong , fred armisen , and bobby moynihan along with jim gaffigan , kate walsh and ashley greene , staten island summer is the must see comedy that celebrates good times , great friends and having no regrets .
barney thomson the legend of barney thomson art house international comedy special interest barney is a hapless barber , devoid of charm and 'patter' as his fellow barbering brethren mockingly remind him . barney's mediocre , mundane life of plotting for a way up is about to be transformed , following a typically incompetent fit of pique , when he inadvertently stumbles into serial murder , and with it headlong into the trail of a grotesque series of killings gripping glasgow . as he makes ham fisted attempts to cover his tracks , he finds himself on the run from the bearish detective inspector holdall and a testosterone driven local police task force at each others throats over the ongoing crimes . with his sanity threatening to unravel , barney fatefully turns to his domineering , emasculating mother , the formidable glaswegian 'good time girl' , cemolina . there's no turning back now and the path that lies ahead for barney may yet be littered with more murderous consequences than he could have ever anticipated .
the bad education movie comedy alfie wickers is probably the worst teacher to dis grace the english education system , but no one cares about their pupils quite as much as alfie does . having completed their gcses , alfie is keen for his class to join him on one last hurrah and what follows is a coming of age story like no other , the best school trip ever !
above and below documentary drama this not quite documentary takes place far away and out of sight , on the margins and off the grid of american society . it tells the stories of april , dave , cindy , rick , and a man who calls himself
the seventh fire documentary when rob brown , a native american gang leader on a remote minnesota reservation , is sentenced to prison for a fifth time , he must confront his role in bringing violent drug culture into his beloved ojibwe community . as rob reckons with his past , his seventeen year old prot g , kevin , dreams of the future becoming the biggest drug dealer on the reservation . terrence malick presents this haunting and visually arresting nonfiction film about the gang crisis in indian country .
drishyam art house international drama mystery suspense vijay salgaonkar runs a cable tv network in a remote and hilly village of goa . he lives a happy life with his wife nandini and two daughters . a 4th grade dropout an orphan , vijay has worked his way towards success with his sheer hard work street smartness in order to provide for his family who mean the world to him . a man of few means needs vijay believes life is to be lived simplistically his wife , while she loves him devoutly , wants vijay's thrifty miserly behavior to end and wants the world for her family . if there's one thing that vijay cannot live without , it is his passion for watching films . such is his 'filmy' obsession that he doesn't mind staying up all night at his office binging on tv movies ! in a bizarre turn of events a teenage boy goes missing he is the son of a headstrong no nonsense cop ig meera deshmukh and the salgaonkar family is the prime suspect ! will a humble middle class man , be able to protect his family from oppression of the powerful ? how the family weathers the storm that ensues during the violent investigation forms the rest of the story leading to an unexpected shocking climax .
13 hours the secret soldiers of benghazi action adventure drama based on the book 13 hours the inside account of what really happened in benghazi .
i saw the light drama musical performing arts i saw the light , the story of the legendary country western singer hank williams , who in his brief life created one of the greatest bodies of work in american music . the film chronicles his meteoric rise to fame and its ultimately tragic effect on his health and personal life . written and directed by marc abraham , i saw the light is based on colin escott's award winning biography and stars tom hiddleston , elizabeth olsen , bradley whitford , david krumholtz and cherry jones . ratpac entertainment's brett ratner and bron studios' aaron l . gilbert produced the film , with g . marq roswell and abraham . james packer of ratpac entertainment and jason cloth of creative wealth media finance executive produced . notable director of photography dante spinotti was the cinematographer for the film .
veteran drama after an international auto theft sting , a dimwitted detective do chul is treated to a night at a club where he meets sun jin group third in line , tae oh , whose rude behavior rubs do chul the wrong way . convinced tae oh is a drug addict , do chul tries to investigate , but is stopped by his boss . meanwhile , tae oh runs into mr . bae a truck driver that helped do chul with his auto theft case and his 9 year old son , protesting to get his overdue wages . after being humiliated and beaten for tae oh's amusement , bae is hospitalized but his son finds do chul's business card and calls for help . do chul feels responsible and so decides to get tae oh , no matter what it takes and no matter how much tae oh tries to sabotage him .
the pearl button el bot n de n car documentary the ocean contains the history of all humanity . the sea holds the voices of the earth and those that come from outer space . water receives impetus from the stars and transmits it to living creatures . water , the longest border in chile , also holds the secret of a mysterious button that was discovered in its seabed . chile , with its 2 , 670 miles of coastline , the largest archipelago in the world , presents a supernatural landscape . in it are volcanoes , mountains and glaciers . in it are the voices of the patagonian indigenous people , of the first english sailors and also those of its political prisoners . some say that water has memory . this film shows that it also has a voice .
sherpa documentary a brawl on everest ? director jennifer peedom set out to uncover tension in the 2014 everest climbing season from the sherpas' point of view and instead captured a tragedy when an avalanche struck , killing 16 sherpas . sherpa tells the story of how the sherpas united after the tragedy in the face of fierce opposition , to reclaim the mountain they call chomolungma .
the club el club art house international drama in a secluded house in a small seaside town live four unrelated men and the woman who tends to the house and their needs . all former priests , they have been sent to this quiet exile to purge the sins of their pasts , the separation from their communities the worst form of punishment by the church . they keep to a strict daily schedule devoid of all temptation and spontaneity , each moment a deliberate effort to atone for their wrongdoings . their fragile stability is disrupted by the arrival of an emissary from the vatican who seeks to understand the effects of their isolation , and a newly disgraced housemate . both bring with them the outside world from which the men have long been removed , and the secrets they had thought deeply buried . the club is acclaimed director pablo larra n's taut , blackly comic commentary on individual responsibility , organized religion and the combustible combination of the two .
labyrinth of lies art house international drama special interest in
beautiful something drama romance in one desperate night , four disparate gay men cruise philadelphia in pursuit of ever elusive human connection . brian , a poet with an already spent advance and a looming deadline , seeks distraction at dusk whether that means a hook up or two or confessing his love to his straight best friend . drew , a renowned sculptor in love with his boyish muse , is eager to finish his latest creation . his model jim is an unpredictable aspiring actor prone to dramatic outbursts . simultaneously aroused and intimidated by drew's talent and devotion , jim yearns for a modicum of freedom from the sculptor's attentions . rounding out the quartet is bob , a wealthy , alcoholic talent agent , cruising the philadelphia backstreets for a
only you comedy romance based on the marisa tomei and robert downey , jr . , film of the same name , tang wei plays a bride to be who discovers her soon to be husband's high school classmate liao fan shares the name of her fated lover , as predicted by a fortune teller in her youth . eager to ensure that she's not making a mistake with her current fiance , she flies to italy to investigate and meet with him .
90 minutes in heaven drama don piper died jan . 18 , 1989 , when a semi tractor truck crushed his car . declared dead by the first rescue workers to arrive on the scene , don's body lay under a tarp for the next 90 minutes . don's soul , meanwhile , was experiencing love , joy and life like he'd never known before . don was in heaven . when another pastor's prayers helped bring don back to life , he became a living miracle ! yet this is one miracle don wished never happened . heaven's bliss was replaced by excruciating pain and emotional turmoil . with the support and prayers of his beloved eva , their three kids and friends near and far , don clings to his faith in god and fights to regain a semblance of his previous life . the piper family's incredible true story of perseverance and overcoming the challenges of life and death will bring hope and encouragement to all who see it .
kill zone 2 saat po long 2 action adventure art house international drama mystery suspense when an undercover cop gets too close to revealing the mastermind of a drug syndicate , his cover is blown . double crossed and under a false identity , he's thrown into a thai prison , where a guard discovers the inmate claiming he's a cop is a bone marrow match for his dying daughter . . . and his warden may have an even deadlier operation hidden within the prison walls . in this giddily frenetic follow up though not a sequel to modern martial arts epic kill zone aka spl sha po lang , action icons tony jaa ong bak , the protector and zhang jin ip man 3 team up with hong kong megastars simon yam , wu jing , and louis koo for a breakneck story of dirty cops , prison riots , and black market organ transplants , all brought together by a non stop series of inventive , bone crunching setpieces .
prem ratan dhan payo drama prem ratan dhan payo
momentum action adventure mystery suspense when alex , an infiltration expert with a secret past , accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist , she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat and mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers . armed with her own set of lethal skills , alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth .
brothers action adventure drama gary fernandes , a former alcoholic and street fighter , returns home after serving a prison sentence to find that the wounds of the past still haunt his family . his two sons , david and monty , who parted ways as kids , are grown men now but are still bitterly estranged . as the story unfolds , we see the journey of these three men , as they seek to find redemption and healing . meanwhile , the arrival of the biggest event in mixed martial arts history is announced in india . both brothers end up enlisting and finally stand to face off with each other . with twists and turns , pouring emotions and edge of the seat action , will this final battle between the two brothers repair old wounds ?
ladrones comedy latin american superstars fernando colunga and eduardo ya ez never before seen together in an unforgettable non stop action comedy that takes you on the adventure of a lifetime . their mission ? to reclaim land stolen from a humble , hardworking community by a beautiful but lethal diva and her team of thieves . forced out of retirement , colunga and ya ez must recruit their new team of
big sky drama mystery suspense a teenage girl who suffers a mortal fear of open spaces , is enrolled in a high end treatment facility by her mother in the hope that they can find a cure . when the van they are travelling in is suddenly attacked by two masked gunmen , she must confront her biggest fear and fight for her survival .
7 days in hell comedy sports fitness a mockumentary chronicling an epic tennis match at wimbledon between outrageous american troublemaker aaron williams and dim witted english prodigy charles poole .
mothers and daughters comedy mothers and daughters features interwoven stories about what it means to be a mom , which are tied together via single gal rigby gray , a rock photographer who's riding a career high when an unlikely and unexpected pregnancy forces her to turn her lens inward . as rigby slowly comes to terms with what it might mean to change her life forever , she discovers with fresh eyes her own relationship with her estranged mother . through a series of photographs documenting motherhood in all its varieties , she considers what it means to be maternal at all . director paul duddridge's film is a celebration of the unparalleled love between mothers and their children and the myriad ways they connect in today's modern world .
demolition comedy drama davis mitchell jake gyllenhaal , a successful investment banker , struggles after losing his wife in a tragic car crash . despite pressure from his father in law , phil chris cooper , to pull it together , davis continues to unravel . what starts as a complaint letter to a vending machine company turns into a series of letters revealing startling personal admissions . davis' letters catch the attention of customer service rep , karen mareno naomi watts and amidst emotional and financial burdens of her own , the two form an unlikely connection . with the help of karen and her son , chris judah lewis , davis starts to rebuild , beginning with the demolition of the life he once knew .
the reflektor tapes documentary a fascinating insight into the making of arcade fire's critically acclaimed , international 1 album reflektor . the film recontextualizes the album experience , transporting the viewer into a kaleidoscopic sonic and visual landscape . it charts the band's creative journey as they lay foundations for the album in jamaica , commence recording sessions in montreal and play an impromptu gig at a haitian hotel on the first night of carnival , before bringing their breath taking live show to packed arenas in los angeles and london .
addicted to fresno comedy fresno is a comedy about co dependent sisters who work as hotel maids in fresno , ca . shannon is fresh out of sex rehab when her younger , overly optimistic lesbian sister martha lands her a job as a maid at fresno suites , the local hotel . when shannon jeopardizes her fresh start by accidentally killing a hotel guest after a post rehab relapse , martha goes to great lengths to help her sister cover up the crime . shannon finally learns to take responsibility for her actions , and the sisters begin to resolve their tortured relationship .
scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse comedy horror three friends who are scouts battle zombies and attempt to save their town from the undead .
our little sister umimachi diary drama three sisters sachi , yoshino and chika live together in a large house in the city of kamakura . when their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies , they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half sister . bonding quickly with the orphaned suzu , they invite her to live with them . suzu eagerly agrees , and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings .
the lobster comedy cult movies drama science fiction fantasy colin farrell stars as david , a man who has just been dumped by his wife . to make matters worse , david lives in a society where single people have 45 days to find true love , or else they are turned into the animal of their choice and released into the woods . david is kept at the mysterious hotel while he searches for a new partner , and after several romantic misadventures decides to make a daring escape to abandon this world . he ultimately joins up with a rebel faction known as the loners , a group founded on a complete rejection of romance . but once there david meets an enigmatic stranger rachel weisz who stirs up unexpected and strong feelings within him . . . at once a full immersion into a strange and surreal world , and a witty and clever reflection of our own society , the lobster is a thrillingly audacious vision fully brought to life by lanthimos and his terrific cast . the filmmaker displays a completely singular style and mastery of tone , finding the perfect balance between sharp edged satire and romantic fable that entertains its audience while also leaving them with lots to reflect on long after the credits have rolled .
in the shadow of women art house international drama romance romance about a love triangle involving a parisian documentarian . directed by philippe garrel .
one floor below art house international drama
my golden days trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse drama the story centers on paul d dalus , an anthropologist preparing to leave tajikistan , who has a series of flashbacks that include his childhood in roubaix , his mother's attacks of madness and his father's alienating depression . he remembers his trip to the ussr , where a clandestine mission led him to offer up his own identity for a young russian , whom he considered a phantom twin for the remainder of his life as well as remembering esther , the beautiful , rude love of his life .
contracted phase ii drama horror mystery suspense a sexually transmitted virus is ravaging la and turning lovers into flesh eating zombies and one man is in a race against time to stop it .
one two drama mystery suspense imprisoned by their own father on their family's property , two siblings with terrifying supernatural powers plot their escape and vengeance . starring mad men's kiernan shipka .
cemetery of splendor art house international soldiers with a mysterious sleeping sickness are transferred to a temporary clinic in a former school . the memory filled space becomes a revelatory world for housewife and volunteer jenjira , as she watches over itt , a handsome soldier with no family visitors . jen befriends young medium keng who uses her psychic powers to help loved ones communicate with the comatose men . doctors explore ways , including colored light therapy , to ease the mens' troubled dreams . jen discovers itt's cryptic notebook of strange writings and blueprint sketches . there may be a connection between the soldiers' enigmatic syndrome and the mythic ancient site that lies beneath the clinic . magic , healing , romance and dreams are all part of jen's tender path to a deeper awareness of herself and the world around her .
the daughter drama after a fifteen year absence , christian paul schneider returns home to rural new south wales for the marriage of his father , henry academy award winner geoffrey rush , the wealthy owner of the local mill that's been the economic bedrock of the community for generations . christian gets reacquainted with his old friend oliver ewen leslie and finds himself drawn to oliver's family , which includes wife charlotte miranda otto , daughter hedvig odessa young , and father in law walter sam neill . when henry announces the imminent closure of the mill , it sends a quake through the community , particularly oliver's family , and the subsequent fissures release bitter secrets .
holding the man drama tim and john fell in love and embarked on a forbidden high school romance that was to last a lifetime . together they conquered countless prejudices and challenges to become champions of gay rights .
narcopolis drama science fiction fantasy in the near future , frank grieves is a new breed of police officer working in a city where the manufacture and use of all recreational drugs is legal but controlled and exploited by licensed drug companies . when a new , lethal drug appears on the streets , grieves is caught between those who want to destroy it and those who may be able to unlock its potential for good .
600 miles drama mystery suspense a weapons runner for a mexican cartel kidnaps an atf agent who was trying to catch him and decides to take the agent to his bosses , but the two form an unusual bond during the long journey to their destination .
under milk wood drama
microbe and gasoline microbe et gasoil comedy microbe , a shy , aspiring artist , has trouble making friends at school until he meets gasoline , a likeminded outcast . together they hatch a plan to build a car and spend their summer on an epic road trip across france . this charming adventure from michel gondry mood indigo , be kind rewind has been called his
welcome back comedy a sequel to the 2007 hit indian comedy , welcome , this movie will have to meet the audience's sky high expectations , with the return of the much loved characters of uday shetty , manjubhai and dr . ghunghroo returning to the big screen .
field niggas documentary 'the combination is simple a lot of slow motion portraiture combined with a soundtrack of snippets of people's conversation and interview . this straightforward method yields one of the most powerful and compassionate statements on race , on politics , on class , on policing , on drugs , that i've encountered in contemporary american cinema . '
eisenstein in guanajuato comedy romance the venerated filmmaker eisenstein is comparable in talent , insight and wisdom , with the likes of shakespeare or beethoven ; there are few if any directors who can be elevated to such heights . on the back of his revolutionary film battleship potemkin , he was celebrated around the world , and invited to the us . ultimately rejected by hollywood and maliciously maligned by conservative americans , eisenstein traveled to mexico in 1931 to consider a film privately funded by american pro communist sympathizers , headed by the american writer upton sinclair . eisenstein's sensual mexican experience appears to have been pivotal in his life and film career a significant hinge between the early successes of strike , battleship potemkin , and october , which made him a world renowned figure , and his hesitant later career with alexander nevsky , ivan the terrible and the boyar's plot .
rock in the red zone documentary an unflinching and inspiring profile of the israeli city of sderot , where a lively music scene helps residents cope with constant rocket attacks from the gaza strip .
a perfect man un homme id al mystery suspense a struggling young author finds a brilliant manuscript written by a recently deceased man . he decides to pass off the work as his own but his newfound life of fame and success is put in jeopardy when a blackmailer comes forward threatening to reveal the truth .
wild city action adventure art house international mystery suspense science fiction fantasy a bar owner befriends a woman at closing time , and is soon accosted by her former lover and the thugs who work for him . the bar owner's underachieving half brother and a suitcase full of dirty money further complicate matters in this intense thriller .
mojave drama in this intense classical thriller , from an original screenplay by oscar winning writer william monahan the departed , a violent artist , thomas , garrett hedlund has an ominous encounter in the desert with a homicidal , chameleon like drifter , jack , oscar isaac . jack follows thomas back to his privileged l . a . home life , holding a dark secret over his head as he attempts to infiltrate and destroy his seemingly perfect life . thomas must come to terms with his own insecurities and self doubt to protect himself and his family , and go head to head with his nemesis in a riveting two man clash that plays out in exciting and unexpected ways .
assassination art house international drama mystery suspense snipers . marksmen . hired guns . double agents . a group of exiled rebels are planning a hit on an army commander in japanese occupied korea , but the only killer for the job is in prison . now , the resistance must devise a jailbreak , escape a hitman . . . and discover which of them is a traitor .
prince drama seventeen year old ayoub ayoub elasri has a lot on his plate his father chaib massaoudi is a junkie , his mother elsie de brauw is a lonely divorc , and his sister olivia lonsdale is falling in with the wrong crowd . haunted by his father's terrible reputation , ayoub can't get the attention of laura sigrid ten napel , the most beautiful girl in the neighborhood . he does , however , gain the attention of kalpa freddy tratlehner , an eccentric , purple lamborghini driving , psychotically violent local criminal . falling in with kalpa , ayoub tries to enlarge his status and wallet enough to win laura over , but soon finds that his new life is far more than he bargained for .
heist action adventure when their attempt to rob a casino owned by the feared gangster pope robert de niro goes awry and a shootout ensues , vaughn jeffrey dean morgan and cox dave bautista are forced to flee on foot and hijack city bus 657 and take the passengers hostage . now , in a high speed chase , vaughn will not only have to outwit the police , led by officer bajos gina carano who are in hot pursuit , but he will have to contend with pope's maniacal right hand man , dog morris chestnut , in order to make it through the day alive . but we quickly learn that things are not what they seem , and vaughn has more than one card up his sleeve .
after words drama academy award r winner marcia gay harden fifty shades of grey stars as a librarian who attempts to escape her mid life crisis by traveling to costa rica . there she meets a younger man oscar jaenada pirates of the caribbean on stranger tides who takes her on an unexpected journey filled with adventure and romance .
he never died comedy drama horror jack's in a rut . depression and severe anti social behavior has whittled down his existence to sleeping and watching television . seeing the human race as little more than meat with a pulse , jack has no interest to bond with anyone . there's little purpose for him to make friends with someone he'd eventually eat or outlive by more than a millennia . the fuse is lit when jack's past comes back to rattle him . jack must now walk a tight rope of sobriety and try to eat as few people as possible in this violent tale of personal responsibility .
fly away solo masaan art house international drama four lives intersect along the ganges a low caste boy in hopeless love , a young woman ridden with guilt of a sexual encounter ending in a tragedy , a hapless father with fading morality , and a spirited child yearning for a family , all longing to escape the moral constructs of a small town . a series of unprecedented events find these lives , to reflect and explore their desires through each other .
lbj drama after powerful senate majority leader lyndon johnson woody harrelson loses the 1960democratic presidential nomination to senator john f . kennedy jeffrey donovan , he agrees to be his young rival's running mate . but once they win the election , despite his extensive legislative experience and shrewd political instincts , johnson finds himself sidelined in the role of vice president . that all changes on nov . 22 , 1963 , when kennedy is assassinated and johnson , with his devoted wife lady bird jennifer jason leigh by his side , is suddenly thrust into the presidency . as the nation mourns , johnson must contend with longtime adversary attorney general bobby kennedy michael stahl david and one time mentor georgia senator richard russell richard jenkins as he seeks to honor jfk's legacy by championing the historic civil rights act of 1964 .
the last face drama romance the last face centers around a love affair between dr . wren petersen academy award r winner , charlize theron , the director of an international aid organization and dr . miguel leon academy award r winner , javier bardem , a relief aid doctor . set against the devastating backdrop of war torn liberia , miguel and wren must find a way to keep their relationship alive in extraordinarily difficult conditions battling their mutual passion for the value of life matched by the intensity of their diametrically opposed opinions on how best to solve the conflict that surrounds them . directed by two time academy award r winner sean penn , the last face also stars primetime emmy r nominee jared harris , and celebrated french actors jean reno and ad le exarchopoulos .
the vatican tapes drama horror mystery suspense the vatican tapes follows the ultimate battle between good and evil god versus satan . angela holmes is ordinary 27 year old until she begins to have a devastating effect on anyone close , causing serious injury and death . holmes is examined and possession is suspected , but when the vatican is called upon to exorcise the demon , the possession proves to be an ancient satanic force more powerful than ever imagined . it's all up to father lozano michael pe a to wage war for more than just angela's soul , but for the world as we know it . c lionsgate
attack on titan part 1 shingeki no kyojin action adventure drama horror science fiction fantasy the man eating humanoids called titans first appeared over 100 years ago , devouring humans without motive or remorse . what was left of mankind retreated behind three enormous concentric walls . after a century of relative peace , a young boy named eren is growing restless . he dreams of one day seeing the world behind the walls . but on the day he and his friends armin and misaka decide to investigate the great and mysterious wall that keeps them penned in like cattle , a titan larger and fiercer than any that have been seen before breaches the wall , kicking a large hole through the base of it . now , titans are flooding the city , consuming much of the surviving human population . eren and his surviving friends enlist to fight against the insatiable monsters . the future looks bleak , but there's more to eren than meets the eye he may be humanity's last hope against extinction .
all is well art house international comedy drama romance this is a story where an entire family is on the run , being chased by goons . it's a dysfunctional family and everyone has their own set of issues with each other waiting to be confronted . the journey becomes a tool for them to confront each other and their issues . they fight with each other , they understand each other's point of views , and they get to know things about each other that they never knew . umesh shukla's
admiral michiel de ruyter action adventure when the young republic of the netherlands is attacked by england , france and germany and the country itself is on the brink of civil war , only one man can lead the county's strongest weapon , the dutch fleet michiel de ruyter .
synchronicity mystery suspense science fiction fantasy synchronicity is a mind bending 'sci fi noir' in the tradition of blade runner , gattaca and memento . daring physicist jim beale has invented a machine that can fold space time and ruthless corporate tycoon klaus meisner will stop at nothing to get it . when jim uses the machine to tear open the fabric of the universe , a rare dahlia appears from the future . but in order to keep the rights to his invention he must prove that it works by finding the flower's identical match in the present . jim soon discovers that the dahlia lies in the hands of the mysterious abby , who seduces him into revealing his secrets . convinced that she is in league with klaus to take ownership of his life's work , jim travels back in time to stop the conspiracy before it can happen . but once in the past , jim uncovers a surprising truth about abby , the machine , and his own uncertain future .
they will have to kill us first documentary music is the beating heart of malian culture . but when islamic hardliners took control of northern mali in 2012 , they enforced one of the harshest interpretations of sharia law in history and , crucially for mali , they banned all forms of music . radio stations were destroyed , instruments burned and mali's musicians faced torture , even death . overnight , mali's revered musicians were forced into hiding or exile where most remain even now . but rather than lay down their instruments , the musicians are fighting back , standing up for their cultural heritage and identity . through everything , they have used music as their weapon against the on going violence that has left mali ravaged . they will have to kill us first begins with musicians on the run , reveals footage of the jihadists , captures life at refugee camps , follows perilous journeys home to battle scarred cities , and witnesses our two female characters perform at the first public concert in timbuktu since the music ban . the stories of these artists are told without gloss they are sometimes heartbreaking , sometimes inspirational , and sometimes incredibly frustrating as we watch musicians make tough choices about their futures . the situation in mali forms part of an alarming trend across the globe , extremists are attacking culture , art and freedom with increasing frequency and violence . they use religion to justify rampant destruction and murder . they will have to kill us first draws audiences into the human side of mali's conflict , watches events as they unfold and witnesses the impact on mali's musical community . with a specially commissioned soundtrack from mali's most exciting artists , a score written by the yeah yeah yeah's nick zinner , they will have to kill us first leaps headfirst into a tale of courage in the face of conflict .
room drama both highly suspenseful and deeply emotional , room is a unique and touching exploration of the boundless love between a mother and her child . after 5 year old jack jacob tremblay and his ma brie larson escape from the enclosed surroundings that jack has known his entire life , the boy makes a thrilling discovery the outside world . as he experiences all the joy , excitement , and fear that this new adventure brings , he holds tight to the one thing that matters most of all his special bond with his loving and devoted ma .
the diabolical horror mystery suspense science fiction fantasy when a single mother and her two young children are tormented by an increasingly strange and intense presence in their quiet suburban home , she turns to her scientist boyfriend to take on the violent forces that paranormal experts are too frightened to face .
6 years drama romance a young couple in their early 20s , dan and melanie , have known each other since childhood . now their 6 year romantic relationship is put to the test when dan receives an attractive job offer from the record label with whom he interns , and he must choose between a move forward and a future with mel . growth and temptation happen but will their relationship remain part of their future ?
the shack drama based on the new york times best selling novel , the shack takes us on a father's uplifting spiritual journey . after suffering a family tragedy , mack phillips sam worthington spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs . facing a crisis of faith , he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the oregon wilderness . despite his doubts , mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named papa octavia spencer . through this meeting , mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever .
3 generations comedy drama 3 generations tells the stirring and touching story of three generations of a family living under one roof in new york as they must deal with the life changing transformation by one that ultimately affects them all . ray elle fanning is a teenager who knows he's a boy , even though he was assigned female at birth . ray has already been living as a boy for years , but is now ready to start hormone replacement therapy . his single mother , maggie naomi watts , must track down ray's biological father tate donovan to get his legal consent to allow ray's transition . dolly susan sarandon , ray's lesbian grandmother is having a hard time accepting that she now has a grandson . they must each confront their own identities and learn to embrace change and their strength as a family in order to ultimately find acceptance and understanding .
chloe theo drama a young woman , chloe , living by her wits on the streets of new york city , has a chance meeting with a wise inuit eskimo , theo , who was sent to new york by his elders to provide a message to the people of the world we either change our destructive ways or be destroyed by them . chloe , who has been searching for something to believe in , becomes inspired by theo and , with the help of a kind lawyer , monica , the three of them present theo's story to the united nations in hopes of creating a better future for all of us .
aaaaaaaah ! mystery suspense alpha male , smith and his beta , keith , make a move to take over a local community . they hook up with restless female , denise , igniting a deadly feud in which emotions run high and deep seated grudges re surface amongst the tribe . are we not men ? or are we simply beasts ? this is a celluloid primal sceam in which the entire cast speak in grunts and gibberish an anarchic , hilarious , disturbing and touching look at the human condition .
cherry tree art house international horror faith's world is turned upside down after she finds out that her beloved father is dying . when the mysteriously alluring sissy young becomes her field hockey coach , faith finds a compassionate spirit and much needed mother figure . little does she know that sissy is the head of a centuries old witches' coven that uses the fruit of an ancient cherry tree in a secret ritual that restores life to the dead and dying . offering to cure her father in exchange for a child , sissy strikes a bargain with faith , who suddenly finds herself pregnant with a baby that's growing at an alarming rate . but with the clock to the child's birth ticking down and the true intention of sissy's plans for humanity becoming more apparent , faith and her father must stand together in order to save both their lives . from david keating , the critically acclaimed director of wake wood .
arabian nights volume 3 , the enchanted one as mil e uma noites volume 3 , o encantado drama scheherazade crista alfaiate continues to tell stories in order to stay alive in the third and final film of miguel gomes' epic about the lives of ordinary people in contemporary , austerity stricken portugal . among the tales the grand vizier fears for scheherazade's life , bird trappers train their pets for a singing competition , and a chinese girl travels to portugal .
only the dead documentary only the dead is a war story unlike any ever seen . a story of what happens when one ordinary man , time magazine war correspondent michael ware , transplanted into the middle east by the reverberations of 9 11 , butts into history . ware handpicked and given a shattering video tape by the most feared , most hated terrorists on the planet to announce his arrival of the world stage sets out on an epic journey into the deepest recesses of the conflict as he seeks answers . answers that he thinks will lead him to the truth .
mustang drama early summer in a village in northern turkey . five free spirited teenaged sisters splash about on the beach with their male classmates . though their games are merely innocent fun , a neighbor passes by and reports what she considers to be illicit behavior to the girls' family . the family overreacts , removing all
deano and nige's best last day ever comedy when nige mckenzie accidentally runs over and kills an innocent hitchhiker , he only has one person he can turn to his former best friend , deano blake . problem is , deano is the last person in the world who you would want to rely on in a crisis . as the old saying goes nothing comes between friends like a dead body .
the shallows drama mystery suspense in the taut thriller the shallows , when nancy blake lively is surfing on a secluded beach , she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark . though she is stranded only 200 yards from shore , survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills , requiring all of nancy's ingenuity , resourcefulness , and fortitude .
mediterranea drama this remarkably timely , eye opening film charts the death defying struggle of african migrants as they risk everything to start a new life in europe . ayiva first time actor koudous seihon in a revelatory performance and abas alassane sy are close friends from burkina faso determined to make it to italy in order to find work and provide for their families back home . but even after surviving the harrowing journey desert bandits , a treacherous sea voyage , arrest nothing can prepare the two men for the hostility and violence that awaits them . a gripping tale of survival told with vivid realism , mediterranea immerses viewers in the heart of a humanitarian crisis that for far too many is a lived reality .
caf society comedy romance set in the 1930s , woody allen's bittersweet romance caf society follows bronx born bobby dorfman jesse eisenberg to hollywood , where he falls in love , and back to new york , where he is swept up in the vibrant world of high society nightclub life . centering on events in the lives of bobby's colorful bronx family , the film is a glittering valentine to the movie stars , socialites , playboys , debutantes , politicians , and gangsters who epitomized the excitement and glamour of the age .
some kind of hate horror relentless bullying has turned lincoln's life into a nightmare . but he soon learns the true meaning of terror when he is sent to a remote school for troubled teens and the harassments start all over again . only this time , someone is watching a teenage girl named moira who was driven to suicide by vicious bullying years ago . when lincoln accidentally summons moira from the grave , he unleashes a vengeful and unstoppable force on a mission of blood soaked revenge .
very semi serious documentary an offbeat meditation on humor , art and the genius of the single panel . the film takes an unprecedented behind the scenes look at the new yorker and introduces the cartooning legends and hopefuls who create the iconic cartoons that have inspired , baffled and occasionally pissed off all of us for decades .
marguerite drama 1921 , the beginning of the golden twenties . not far from paris . it is party day at marguerite dumont's castle . like every year , an array of music lovers gathers around a great cause at the owner's place . nobody knows much about this woman except that she is rich and that her whole life is devoted to her passion music . marguerite sings . she sings wholeheartedly , but she sings terribly out of tune . in ways quite similar to the castafiore , marguerite has been living her passion in her own bubble , and the hypocrite audience , always coming in for a good laugh , acts as if she was the diva she believes she is . when a young , provocative journalist decides to write a rave article on her latest performance , marguerite starts to believe even further in her talent . this gives her the courage she needs to follow her dream . despite her husband's reluctance , and with the help of a has been divo , both funny and mean , she decides to train for her first recital in front of a crowd of complete strangers .
molly moon and the incredible book of hypnotism drama molly moon and the incredible book of hypnotism tells the story of a young orphan girl , molly moon , who comes across a book 'hypnotism , an ancient art' . learning its lessons , she hypnotizes her way to stardom in london and becomes rich and famous . but little does she know that an unscrupulous man wants her book . he tracks her to london , kidnaps her dog , petula and blackmails molly . in order to get her dog back , she must rob shorings bank of all its jewels ! and then she must find the friends she has lost from her hypnotic journey .
winter on fire ukraine's fight for freedom documentary chronicling events that unfolded over 93 days in 2013 and 2014 , this documentary witnesses the formation of a new civil rights movement in ukraine . what started as peaceful student demonstrations supporting european integration morphed into a full fledged violent revolution calling for the resignation of the nation's president . the film captures the remarkable mobilization of nearly a million citizens from across the country protesting the corrupt political regime that utilized extreme force against its own people to suppress their demands and freedom of expression .
the ridiculous 6 comedy western six bizarre and diverse strangers in the wild west discover that they all share the same father , and the newfound brothers embark on a journey to find their dad .
baby driver action adventure comedy drama a talented , young getaway driver ansel elgort relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game . but after being coerced into working for a crime boss kevin spacey , he must face the music when a doomed heist threatens his life , love and freedom .
jumanji welcome to the jungle action adventure drama kids family science fiction fantasy when four high school kids discover an old video game console with a game they've never heard of jumanji they are immediately drawn into the game's jungle setting , literally becoming the avatars they chose gamer spencer becomes a brawny adventurer dwayne johnson ; football jock fridge loses in his words
money monster drama lee gates is a bombastic tv personality whose popular financial network show has made him the money wiz of wall street . but after he hawks a high tech stock that mysteriously crashes , an irate investor takes gates , his crew , and his ace producer patty fenn hostage live on air . unfolding in real time , gates and fenn must find a way to keep themselves alive while simultaneously uncovering the truth behind a tangle of big money lies .
what our fathers did a nazi legacy documentary in this deceptively understated documentary , two adult children of nazi war criminals niklas frank and horst von wachter reveal how they reconcile their fathers' monstrous deeds with their personal affection .
a sinner in mecca documentary here , we enter the city of mecca that has been forbidden to non muslims for 14 centuries . for gay filmmaker parvez sharma , filming in saudi arabia presents two serious challenges filming is forbidden in the country and homosexuality is punishable by death . he ends up documenting his journey on nothing more than an iphone and two smuggled , tiny cameras . on these never before filmed streets of ancient mecca , he joins 4 million muslims , from the majority , peace loving pilgrims fulfilling a lifelong calling , to brutal jihadists for whom violence is a creed . they have all entered mecca for the world's largest pilgrimage the hajj . sharma yearns to find his own place within an islam he has always known , an islam that bears no resemblance to the bastardized versions creating havoc around the muslim world .
4th man out on his 24th birthday , adam , a small town mechanic in upstate new york , feels it is the perfect opportunity to tell his friends and family that he is gay .
memories of the sword action adventure drama three warriors , poong chun , sul rang , and yu baek pleadge to fight against the incompetent king . however , the betrayal of yu baek leads to poong chun's death , and sul rang disappears with poong chun's young daughter hong yi as stricken by guilt . 18 years later , hong yi leaves sul rang and plans to get revenge on both yu baek and sul rang .
moscow never sleeps drama moscow never sleeps is a multi narrative drama about the hidden bonds that connects us all . the film dives headlong into the volatile intersections of contemporary moscow and the intimate lives of five people an entrepreneur whose business empire comes under siege by powerful bureaucrats , a teenage girl mired in the misery of a broken home , a young man forced to choose between his girlfriend and his grandmother ; a beautiful singer torn apart by the pursuit of two men , and an ailing film star who gets embroiled in a bizarre kidnapping . over the course of one day , their lives will change forever . these stories weave through moscow's choked cityscape as it celebrates its birthday with a massive fireworks display . they reveal the unrestrained energy of europe's biggest city and the cruelty and beauty of the russian spirit .
quay documentary in this intimate documentary short , director christopher nolan explores the surreal stop motion animations of stephen and timothy quay , known professionally as the brothers quay .
mascots comedy mascots is a new comedy from christopher guest , director of waiting for guffman and best in show . starring many of his regular troupe of actors , this latest film takes place in the ultra competitive world of sports mascots where they compete for the most prestigious award in their field , the gold fluffy .
queen of the desert drama special interest nicole kidman and director werner herzog bring to life the extraordinary true story of a trailblazing woman who found freedom in the faraway world of the middle east . gertrude bell kidman chafes against the stifling rigidity of life in turn of the century england , leaving it behind for a chance to travel to tehran . so begins her lifelong adventure across the arab world , a journey marked by danger , a passionate affair with a british officer james franco , and an encounter with the legendary t . e . lawrence robert pattinson . stunningly shot on location in morocco and jordan , queen of the desert reveals how an ahead of her time woman shaped the course of history .
for here or to go ? comedy drama set against the backdrop of the 2008 recession , for here or to go ? is a comedy drama about the many personal battles faced by immigrants living in america . young silicon valley software professional vivek pandit is poised to become a key hire at a promising healthcare startup , but when they realize his work visa has less than a year remaining , the offer disappears . having learned the hard way about the flaws in his
oddball and the penguins oddball action adventure art house international kids family an eccentric chicken farmer , with the help of his granddaughter , trains his mischievous dog oddball to protect a penguin sanctuary from fox attacks in an attempt to reunite his family and save their seaside town .
extraordinary tales animation art house international mystery suspense adapting the look and variety of a classic horror anthology , this film offers heart pounding takes on the tell tale heart , the pit and the pendulum , the fall of the house of usher , the facts in the case of mr . valdemar , and the masque of the red death . each tale is given a unique animated look , inspired by sources as diverse as classic hollywood black and white monster films , or the pulpy feel of ec comics , and narrated by a stable of legendary genre directors and actors .
pay the ghost mystery suspense one year after his young son disappeared during a halloween carnival , mike cole is haunted by eerie images and terrifying messages he can't explain . together with his estranged wife , he will stop at nothing to unravel the mystery and find their son and , in doing so , he unearths a legend that refuses to remain buried in the past .
window horses animation art house international drama rosie ming voiced by sandra oh grey's anatomy , sideways , a young canadian poet , is invited to perform at a poetry festival in shiraz , iran , but she'd rather go to paris . she lives at home with her over protective chinese grandparents and has never been anywhere by herself . once in iran , she finds herself in the company of poets and persians who tell her stories that force her to confront her past the iranian father she assumed abandoned her and the nature of poetry itself . the film is about building bridges between cultural and generational divides . it's about being curious . staying open . and finding your own voice through the magic of poetry .
older than ireland art house international documentary older than ireland is a landmark documentary that examines what it means to have lived one hundred years in ireland , as seen through the eyes of its oldest citizens .
stalkher art house international comedy mystery suspense romance jack is pushed past the brink of his stalking obsession when finally decides to break into emily's home to take what he wants by force . however his plans for her pain and his pleasure come unhinged when he wakes up to find himself bleeding and bound to a chair in her kitchen . it doesn't take long for jack to realize that emily is not the woman he thought she was . for one night jack and emily engage in a twisted and thrilling courtship that leads one to wonder which one of them will survive the night .
in jackson heights documentary jackson heights in queens , new york claims to be one of the most racially and ethnically diverse neighborhoods in the world .
hyena road art house international drama special interest three men , three different paths , caught in conflict but brought together to save lives a highly skilled sniper who can't think of his targets as human ; an intelligence officer who has never killed while on duty ; and a legendary afghan warrior who left war behind but gets pulled back to battle .
remember art house international drama mystery suspense remember tells the story of zev guttman academy award r winner christopher plummer , a 90 year old struggling with memory loss who is living out his final years in a serene retirement home . a week following the death of his beloved wife ruth , he suddenly gets a mysterious package from his close friend max academy award r winner martin landau , containing a stack of money and a letter detailing a shocking plan . both zev and max were prisoners in auschwitz , and the same sadistic guard was responsible for the death of both their families a guard who , immediately after the war , escaped germany and has been living in the u . s . ever since under an assumed identity . max is wheelchair bound but in full command of his mental faculties ; with his guidance , zev will embark on a cross continental road trip to bring justice once and for all to the man who destroyed both their lives .
aferim ! action adventure art house international comedy drama eastern europe , 1835 . two riders cross a barren landscape in the middle of wallachia . they are the gendarme costandin and his son . together they are searching for a gypsy slave who has run away from his nobleman master and is suspected of having an affair with the noble's wife . while the unflappable costandin comments on every situation with a cheery aphorism , his son takes a more contemplative view of the world . on their odyssey they encounter people of different nationalities and beliefs turks and russians , christians and jews , romanians and hungarians . each harbors prejudices against the others which have been passed down from generation to generation . and even when the slave carfin is found , the adventure is far from over . . .
ferrell takes the field comedy television will ferrell plays baseball in five spring training games for 10 different teams on one day in march 2015 as a fund raiser for cancer research , and to honor former major leaguer bert campaneris , who played every position in a game in 1965 for the kansas city a's .
attack on titan part 2 shingeki no kyojin endo obu za warudo action adventure drama horror science fiction fantasy the man eating humanoids called titans first appeared over 100 years ago , devouring humans without motive or remorse . what was left of mankind retreated behind three enormous concentric walls . after a century of relative peace , a titan larger and fiercer than any that have been seen before breaches the wall , kicking a large hole through the base of it . now , titans are flooding the city , consuming much of the surviving human population . a young boy named eren and his friends enlist to fight against the insatiable monsters . the future looks bleak , but there's more to eren than meets the eye he may be humanity's last hope against extinction .
jack of the red hearts drama jack is a tough teenage runaway on the lam from her parole officer . the conniving street kid brazenly impersonates a trained caregiver and forms a unique bond with an 11 year old autistic girl named glory . the child's desperate mother kay , also bonds with the imposter , as a surrogate daughter she can actually talk to . and the girl's cute older brother robert falls in love . when the deception is exposed and the cops descend , loving father mark struggles to hold his family together as the pieces of this puzzle are reshuffled into a new , satisfying whole .
yakuza apocalypse action adventure art house international comedy horror in this film , fearsome yakuza boss kamiura is also a bloodsucking vampire . one day , men arrive from a competing clan and deliver him an ultimatum play nice or die . kamiura refuses and , during a fierce battle , is torn limb from limb . with his dying breath , he passes on his vampire powers to his loyal lieutenant , kageyama . his first order of business is to avenge his mentor , setting him on a collision course with the seemingly unstoppable foreign syndicate , and take his place as the new yakuza boss .
anomalisa animation comedy drama a man struggles with his inability to connect with other people .
i promise you anarchy te prometo anarqu a drama two teenage lovers become involved in the illegal blood trade in mexico city in this gritty drama directed by julio hern ndez cord n .
a syrian love story art house international documentary drama
a christmas horror story horror it's the season of joy , peace , and goodwill . . . unless you live in bailey downs . last christmas eve , two teens came to a grisly end in a school basement . now , one year later , a new set of horrors has come to town . as three friends explore the site of the massacre , a malevolent spirit is determined to keep them there forever . one of the first cops to the scene of the murders has new complications as his son exhibits terrifying and violent behavior . and when a local family seeks reconciliation with an estranged aunt , they suddenly find themselves running in terror from krampus , the demonic anti santa claus . not even st . nick is immune to the terror as he fights a horde of zombie elves . this is destined to be a holiday no one will ever forget .
land and shade la tierra y la sombra art house international drama alfonso is an old farmer who has returned home to tend to his son , who is gravely ill . he rediscovers his old house , where the woman who was once his wife still lives , with his daughter in law and grandson . the landscape that awaits him resembles a wasteland . vast sugar cane plantations surround the house , producing perpetual clouds of ash . 17 years after abandoning them , alfonso tries to fit back in and save his family .
manson family vacation nick morgan jay duplass has it all a loving family , a beautiful home and a successful law practice in los angeles . his estranged brother conrad linas phillips has nothing but a backpack . when conrad shows up for a surprise visit , all he wants to do in town is go to the infamous manson family murder sites . reluctantly , nick joins him and ends up on a road trip that leads the brothers into the modern day world of charles manson .
being ap art house international documentary this . is the incredible inside story of a sporting legend . as a . p . mccoy nears the end of his career , the characteristics that have driven him to dominate the most dangerous of sports remain as strong as ever . fearless and willing to sacrifice everything to achieve his goals , this film reveals the exhaustive training routine , injuries , doubt , triumphs , failures , and a . p . 's soul searching to find a way to leave the stage . with unprecedented access to a . p . and those closest to him , this documentary . celebrates an incredible man who became the greatest jump jockey the world has ever seen .
antarctica ice sky la glace et le ciel art house international documentary from oscar r winning director luc jacquet march of the penguins comes a stirring portrait of french glaciologist claude lorius whose groundbreaking research in antarctica gave us the first clear evidence of man made global climate change . lorius discovered his destiny as a college student when he joined an expedition to antarctica in 1955 ; land essentially untouched by scientific experiment . he would go on to participate in twenty two expeditions during his long career , facing unforgiving conditions and brutal personal challenges that were rewarded with an amazing discovery using ice cores thousands of meters deep , tiny air bubbles suspended in the ice reveal the composition of the planet's atmosphere over nearly a million years . through remarkable archival footage and stunning drone cinematography , antarctica ice and sky is an epic tale where science and adventure meet , equal parts contemplative memoir and an ardent call to action .
bajirao mastani art house international drama special interest romance a story based on the love that flourishes between peshwa baji rao i and his second wife mastani .
valley of love art house international drama isabelle and g rard go to a strange appointment in death valley , california . they have not seen each other for years and are here to answer to an invitation from their son michael , a photographer , which they received after his suicide , six months ago . despite the absurdity of the situation , they decide to follow the initiatory program designed by michael . . .
the people vs . fritz bauer der staat gegen fritz bauer art house international drama germany , 1957 . attorney general fritz bauer receives crucial evidence on the whereabouts of ss obersturmbannf hrer adolf eichmann . the lieutenant colonel , responsible for the mass deportation of the jews , is allegedly hiding in buenos aires . bauer , himself jewish , has been trying to take crimes from the third reich to court ever since his return from danish exile . however , with no success so far due to the fierce german determination to repress its sinister past . because of his distrust in the german justice system , fritz bauer contacts the israeli secret service mossad , and , by doing so , commits treason . bauer is not seeking revenge for the holocaust he is concerned with the german future .
the commune kollektivet art house international drama the new film by lauded danish director thomas vinterberg the celebration , the hunt examines the fallout from the social upheavals of the 1970s through the microcosm of a copenhagen commune . anna trine dyrholm , who won best actress at the 2016 berlinale for her performance is a television newswoman ; her husband , erik ulrich thomsen , teaches architecture at a university . when erik's father passes away , the couple must decide what to do with the huge house that erik grew up in , as it's too expensive for them to occupy on their own . erik prefers selling , but anna who has become frustrated with erik's dour outlook and longs for something new suggests that they use this opportunity to experiment with communal living which was all the rage in scandinavia at the time . energized by the era's relaxed taboos , anna and erik assemble a diverse , rather motley crew of cohabitants and embark on their adventure , but soon take very different paths . while anna is anxious to stay home and experience life with her new extended family , erik finds a more traditional way of reinvigorating himself an affair with one of his students . when anna tries to reconcile these two situations , the commune and the marriage at its core begins to unravel .
david brent life on the road comedy now working as a rep selling cleaning and ladies personal hygiene products up and down the country , david brent hasn't given up his dream of becoming a rock star or more specifically , singer songwriter for fledgling rock band 'foregone conclusion' . as he assembles a group of mercenary session musicians , a talented sidekick for street cred and an overpriced yet underwhelmed tour manager , he embarks upon a self financed uk tour coming to a venue near every major city near you .
transfatty lives documentary at 30 , patrick o'brien was transfatty nyc dj , internet personality , and filmmaker . then he was diagnosed with als a . k . a . lou gehrig's disease . given 2 to 5 years to live , patrick braves the unthinkable and turns his camera onto himself . forcefully lacking self pity , he captures the emotion , humor , and absurdity of real life as he makes art , gets political , falls in love , and fathers a son in this winner of the audience award at the tribeca film festival . c filmbuff
the adderall diaries drama based on the bestselling memoir by stephen elliott , the adderall diaries is the gripping and complex story of how an author's fascination with a high profile murder case leads him to come to terms with his troubled past while embarking on a potentially life changing romance in the present .
reset rel ve histoire d'une cr ation documentary reset depicts renowned choreographer and dancer benjamin millepied as he attempts to rejuvenate the paris opera ballet in his new position as director . with appearances by composer nico muhly , opera alumna aur lie dupont , and designer iris van herpen , reset is a delightfully aesthetic affair from filmmakers thierry demaizi re and alban teurlai , a moving portrait of a landmark moment for one of the ballet's oldest institutions and one of its brightest new stars , both on the cusp of great transition .
the debt oliver's deal drama mystery suspense set against the backdrop of an international finance deal with profound social implications , the debt tells the story of a wealthy american businessman sets out to score the deal of a lifetime and gets entangled in a battle for land , money , and power in peru .
junun documentary
where to invade next documentary this is an expansive , rib tickling , and subversive comedy in which moore , playing the role of
de palma documentary one of the most talented , influential , and iconoclastic filmmakers of all time , brian de palma's career started in the 60s and has included such acclaimed and diverse films as carrie , dressed to kill , blow out , scarface , the untouchables , carlito's way , and mission impossible . in this lively , illuminating and unexpectedly moving documentary , directors noah baumbach and jake paltrow engage in a personal and candid discussion with de palma , exploring not only his life and work but also his singular approach to the craft of filmmaking and his remarkable experiences navigating the film business , from his early days as the bad boy of new hollywood to his more recent years as a respected veteran of the field . in the end , what emerges is a funny , honest , and incisive portrait of a truly one of a kind artist , and an exhilarating behind the scenes look at the last 50 years of the film industry through the eyes of someone who has truly seen it all .
heart of a dog documentary artist laurie anderson reflects on the deaths of her husband , mother , beloved dog and subjects such as family memories , surveillance , and buddhist teachings .
the silent storm art house international drama romance on a wild and remote scottish island , the respected local minister , balor , fights to keep his disappearing community together . his beautiful , enigmatic wife aislin is more in tune with nature than she is with her husband or the villagers . it's clear she doesn't belong here and is treated as a total outsider . a storm is raging inside their marriage . they inhabit a strange , troubled relationship , which is reaching breaking point . a violent fight erupts between them . suddenly amidst the chaos and confusion there is a knock at the door a rugged 17 year old delinquent has been sent to live with them his last chance at rehabilitation . aislin is drawn to this kindred spirit , another outcast . together they drink in all the sensual beauty the island has to offer and their relationship delicately blossoms . his youthful nature ignites a passion within her , which offers her a way out of a life bound by convention and into the world beyond .
baskin art house international horror science fiction fantasy a five man unit of cops on night patrol get more than they bargain for when they arrive at a creepy backwater town in the middle of nowhere after a call comes over the radio for backup . entering a derelict building , the seasoned tough guys and their rookie junior , who's still haunted by a traumatic childhood dream , do the one thing you should never do in this kind of movie they split up . they soon realize they've stumbled into a monstrous charnel house and descend into an ever more nightmarish netherworld where grotesque , mind wrenching horrors await them at every turn . this is one baskin that's
being charlie drama charlie mills has just turned 18 and is running away from rehab again . returning home , he is shocked to learn that his father , a former film star currently running for governor of california , has staged an intervention , with the goal of making charlie address and , hopefully , conquer his substance abuse issues far from the harsh glare of the media . reluctantly , charlie enters a new adult facility where he meets a kindred spirit , eva , and their budding romance looks like it might be an antidote to his strained relationship with a highly preoccupied father and overly indulgent mother . will these two kids help each other or lead one another down yet another rabbit hole ?
parched drama leena yadav directs this emotional drama centering around four women in a rural indian village who disregard the cultural traditions that limit their rights . parched world premiered at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
len and company drama a reclusive music producer rhys ifans is forced out of his shut in lifestyle when his former prot g juno temple arrives at his house along with his aspiring musician son jack kilmer . tim godsall makes his feature directorial debut with the comedy drama len and company .
min lilla syster my skinny sister art house international drama kids family stella enters the exciting world of adolescence only to discover that her big sister and role model katja is hiding an eating disorder .
the beauty inside comedy every morning , woo jin wakes up in a different body . his age , gender , and nationality may change , but the one constant in his life is yi soo the women he loves . she knows his secret , and loves him anyway . with every transformation , woo jin has to figure out how to return to his own body and reunite with yi soo . the surprise sleeper hit of cannes , the beauty insdie is a body hopping romantic comedy that asks the question where does love begin ?
radiator drama careworn teacher daniel is summoned by his elderly mother mariah to his parents' remote , rubbish filled , ramshackle cottage , where his infirm and incontinent father , leonard , is refusing to move from the sofa . disapproved of as a failure by his irascible , demanding father , daniel eventually persuades leonard into a specially adapted bed and the care of a visiting nurse .
alicia en el pa s de mar a art house international drama science fiction fantasy romance
downriver art house international drama after serving time in prison for a crime he supposedly committed as a young child , james reef ireland returns to his hometown and the community he devastated years ago to put the pieces of his past together .
visions horror leaving her hectic city lifestyle behind , young mother to be eveleigh , joins her husband david , at their beautiful new vineyard home only to be plagued by terrifying noises and visions of a sinister hooded figure . no one else hears or sees these hallucinations , not even david , who grows increasingly worried about his wife's well being . desperate to prove her sanity , eveleigh hunts down locals who reveal the haunted history of the vineyard in which she now resides . but when the pieces come together , the answer is far different and more dangerous to her and her baby than she ever imagined . . .
the blackcoat's daughter february horror a deeply atmospheric and terrifying new horror film , the blackcoat's daughter centers on kat kiernan shipka and rose lucy boynton , two girls who are left alone at their prep school bramford over winter break when their parents mysteriously fail to pick them up . while the girls experience increasingly strange and creepy occurrences at the isolated school , we cross cut to another story that of joan emma roberts , a troubled young woman on the road , who , for unknown reasons , is determined to get to bramford as fast as she can . as joan gets closer to the school , kat becomes plagued by progressively intense and horrifying visions , with rose doing her best to help her new friend as she slips further and further into the grasp of an unseen evil force . the movie suspensefully builds to the moment when the two stories will finally intersect , setting the stage for a shocking and unforgettable climax .
phoenix incident mystery suspense science fiction fantasy on march 13 , 1997 thousands of people claimed to have simultaneously witnessed unexplainable lights in the phoenix , arizona night sky . what were the lights ? to this day it remains a mystery and footage of the incidents has been used in documentaries on the subject of ufos . the phoenix incident is a fictionalized heart pounding thriller based on this real life event . written and directed by gaming talent director keith arem call of duty , titanfall and starring troy baker famed gaming actor this one night event uses whistleblower testimony , recovered military footage and eyewitness accounts to create a sci fi thriller that examines the us military's alleged engagement of alien spacecrafts . in addition to being able to experience this exciting film , event attendees will be exposed to an exclusive 5 minute documentary about ufo sightings and government cover ups and a special panel discussion previously captured at this year's ufo congress .
the devil's candy drama horror an artist and his family think they've moved into the house of their dreams , but when he is possessed by a mysterious dark force the family must fight to save their souls .
lace crater horror after a bizarre sexual encounter with a ghost , a twenty something woman lindsay burdge begins experiencing inexplicable changes in her body . harrison atkins directs this supernatural horror comedy , which received its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
gold drama twc dimension presents gold , a black bear pictures and hwy61 production directed by academy award winner stephen gaghan syriana , traffic and produced by teddy schwarzman the imitation game , all is lost for black bear pictures and michael nozik syriana , the motorcycle diaries for hwy61 . directed by academy award winner stephen gaghan traffic , syriana , the film stars academy award winner matthew mcconaughey interstellar , dallas buyers club , the wolf of wall street and golden globe nominees edgar ramirez hands of stone , the girl on the train and bryce dallas howard jurassic world , pete's dragon , corey stoll ant man ,
coco action adventure animation comedy despite his family's baffling generations old ban on music , miguel voice of newcomer anthony gonzalez dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol , ernesto de la cruz voice of benjamin bratt . desperate to prove his talent , miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful land of the dead following a mysterious chain of events . along the way , he meets charming trickster hector voice of gael garc a bernal , and together , they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind miguel's family history .
lost in hong kong art house international comedy xu lai had dreams once . to be an artist and marry the girl of his dreams . 15 years later , he's sick of designing bras , humoring his baby crazy wife , and catering to loopy in laws . but his upcoming family vacation , now including his dvd pirating , aspiring documentarian brother in law , has a hidden agenda a chance meetup with his old flame . but ditching his clan for a clandestine hookup might be the least of his worries . there's been a murder , and his new hot pursuit might be from the cops who want a word with him .
this is happening comedy beleaguered philip davis is sent at his father's behest to place his eccentric grandmother , estelle , into an assisted living facility . to add to his troubles , his small time drug dealer sister , megan decides to join him , using the trip as a cover for a large marijuana buy . when estelle discovers her grandson's plan , she furiously takes off for seattle , unaware that her granddaughter's drug haul is stashed in the trunk of the car . the estranged siblings have no choice but to go on the road after their wayward grandmother , the taxidermied dog she keeps as a companion , and five pounds of marijuana . c paladin
a bigger splash art house international drama mystery suspense special interest in a bigger splash , rock legend marianne lane tilda swinton is recuperating on the volcanic island of pantelleria with her partner paul matthias schoenaerts when iconoclast record producer and old flame harry ralph fiennes unexpectedly arrives with his daughter penelope dakota johnson and interrupts their holiday , bringing with him an a bomb blast of nostalgia from which there can be no rescue . a bigger splash is a sensuous portrait of desire , jealousy and rock and roll , under the mediterranean sun .
reversion drama aja naomi king plays sophie cl , the head of marketing for a high tech firm run by her father jack cl , played by colm feore . on the eve of launching a sleek device that allows users to relive their happiest memories , sophie is kidnapped . after she escapes with a mysterious wound to her head , sophie is haunted by increasingly violent visions of her late mother who committed suicide years earlier . when her father questions her sanity , sophie enlists the family's security guard to help uncover the family's dark secrets .
road games drama mystery suspense after a disastrous summer trip , jack finds himself hitchhiking through the sun drenched rural french countryside with nothing but his british passport . unaware of dangers that are plaguing the roads , he tries without much success to get home .
my big night mi gran noche art house international comedy a new year's eve celebration becomes more than bargained for .
shaandaar shandaar a big fat
rebel in the rye drama this biopic of legendary author j . d . salinger nicholas hoult details his relationship with socialite oona o'neill zoey deutch , his experiences fighting in world war ii , and his writing process for the catcher in the rye . kevin spacey and sarah paulson co star . written and directed by danny strong , rebel in the rye made its world premiere at the 2017 sundance film festival .
a beautiful planet documentary this documentary about humanity's relationship with earth includes footage from the international space station .
tamasha comedy drama tara , a young indian girl finds herself stranded on the french island of corsica after she loses all her possessions . in this time of distress , she meets ved an indian backpacker who extends to help her . to make their rendezvous more interesting and unpredictable they agree not to disclose their real identities to each other . for the next week , the two spend an indulgent time in corsica having the time of their lives , until she finds a way to return back to india . four years later , tara finds ved again . he is ordinary and lacking the charm that she remembered him for . ultimately she rejects his proposal , sending ved on a journey of self discovery as he sets out to pursue tara .
the prime ministers soldiers and peacemakers documentary focusing on avner's experiences working for prime ministers yitzhak rabin and menachem begin , the film opens as rabin becomes israel's first native born prime minister in 1974 . it examines the events surrounding the first treaty between israel and egypt , rabin's tense relationship with president jimmy carter and his resignation following a financial scandal involving his wife . it explores avner's decision to work for menachem begin after his surprise election in 1977 , anwar sadat's historic visit to jerusalem , the camp david accords , difficulties between president carter and begin and tensions between israel and the us during the 1982 lebanon war . finally , the film recounts the rabin's assassination in 1995 after being elected prime minister a second time .
palio art house international documentary drama sports fitness with breathtaking cinematography , director cosima spender's enthralling documentary captures the intensity of world's oldest horse race .
brain on fire drama brain on fire follows cahalan moretz , a rising journalist at the new york post who mysteriously starts having seizures and hearing voices . as weeks go by and susannah rapidly descends into insanity , she moves inexplicably from violence to catatonia . following a series of outbursts , misdiagnoses and a prolonged hospital stay , a lucky last minute intervention by one doctor finally gives her a diagnosis and hope to rebuild her life .
song to song comedy drama in this modern love story set against the austin , texas music scene , two entangled couples struggling songwriters faye rooney mara and bv ryan gosling , and music mogul cook michael fassbender and the waitress whom he ensnares natalie portman chase success through a rock 'n' roll landscape of seduction and betrayal .
tales of halloween horror trick or treat ! ten different tales of halloween horror taking place in one suburban town are included in this anthology , featuring appearances by adrienne barbeau , booboo stewart , joe dante , john landis , ben woolf , lisa marie and more .
blinky bill the movie action adventure animation art house international blinky bill is a little koala with a big imagination . an adventurer at heart , he dreams of leaving the little town of green patch and following in his missing father's footsteps . when blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his dad's whereabouts , he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of green patch and into the wild and dangerous outback . he quickly makes friends with nutsy , a zoo koala , and jacko , a nervous frill necked lizard . pursued relentlessly by a vengeful cat who has a personal score to settle with blinky , the trio must learn to work together if they ever want to survive the rugged australian landscape and find blinky's father !
endgame drama since he was 5 yrs old , jose's abuelita taught him to play chess like his grandfather who was a champion in mexico . now as part of the brownsville school team , jose has the chance to use his skills and for once in his life , finds himself in the spotlight , as he tries to help his team make it to the texas state finals . as their coach , mr . alvarado , teaches his students the meaning of perseverance and team effort in the face of adversity , jose discovers his own strengths and uses them to bring his broken family together .
time to choose documentary oscar winning documentary director charles ferguson turns his lens to address global climate change in a new film showing the breadth of the climate challenge , the power of solutions already available , and the remarkable people working to save our planet from american farmers and african villagers to indonesian anti corruption officials and silicon valley entrepreneurs .
aimy in a cage drama crispin glover co stars as a sleazy , sinister charlatan in this epic fairytale that crosses disney with david lynch . winner of the 'director's award' at the 2015 portland film festival . a creative teenage girl , aimy micry , is placed into a mind altering procedure to civilize her while news of a virus epidemic spreads throughout the world .
saving mr . wu drama saving mr . wu is an action packed crime thriller based on the true story of china's famous celebrity kidnapping case . mr . wu is kidnapped in beijing by zhang hua and three accomplices , all disguised as cops . in the ensuing 20 hours , the chinese detectives led by chief xing quickly form a task force and sweep the city . time is of the essence though as mr . wu is ordered to be killed at 9pm regardless of whether the money is collected or not . the police eventually apprehend hua alone and a dangerous mental showdown develops between police interrogators and hua . as the deadline rapidly approaches , the detectives and captors collide in a dramatic battle .
fathers and daughters art house international drama after a mental breakdown , an award winning writer russell crowe copes with being a widower and a father while , 27 years later , his grown daughter amanda seyfried struggles to forge connections of her own .
black drama mavela , 15 years old , is a black bronx . she falls madly in love with marwan , an extremely charismatic member of a rival gang , the 1080s . the young couple is forced to make a brutal choice between gang loyalty and the love they have for one another . an impossible dilemma . c official facebook page
kingdom of shadows art house international documentary kingdom of shadows takes an unflinching look at the human cost of the u . s . mexico drug war through the perspectives of three unlikely individuals . sister consuelo morales , based in the devastated city of monterrey , prods government officials to take action against the drug cartels on behalf of grieving families whose loved ones have gone missing . texan rancher don henry ford jr . offers historical context for the evolution to the hyper violent state of drug trafficking today . he recounts his career as a smuggler during the 1980s before he served time for importing marijuana . undercover agent turned senior homeland security officer oscar hagelsieb recounts his own remarkable journey and offers a unique perspective on the u . s . ' role in the drug war . as the child of undocumented parents , oscar grew up in an impoverished neighborhood where of his many peers gave in to the temptations of the drug economy .
ramona y los escarabajos art house international
disorder maryland art house international drama mystery suspense what happens when the man hired to protect you may be the real threat ? matthias schoenaerts rust and bone stars as vincent , a troubled afghanistan veteran who , after being discharged from the army , becomes bodyguard to the wife diane kruger and young son of a wealthy lebanese businessman at their luxurious villa on the french riviera . but trapped in a perpetual mental warzone , the unstable vincent must determine which dangers to the family are real and which are the product of his ptsd fueled paranoia if he is going to keep them safe . director alice winocour augustine masterfully keeps the tension simmering in this pulse pounding psychological thriller .
eye in the sky drama mystery suspense the moral implications of modern warfare are confronted in bleecker street's powerful drama , eye in the sky , coming to digital hd on june 14 , 2016 and blu ray tm , dvd and on demand on june 28 , 2016 , from universal pictures home entertainment . tackling an ethical dilemma in a thought provoking suspenseful story , the gritty film stars academy award r winner , helen mirren trumbo , the queen , aaron paul
forsaken art house international drama western in 1872 , john henry clayton kiefer sutherland retires as a gunfighter and returns to his hometown of fowler , wyoming in hope of repairing his relationship with his estranged father , reverend clayton donald sutherland . however , he soon learns that the town is in turmoil , as the railroad will be coming through the area and a criminal gang is terrorizing ranchers who refuse to sell their land . john henry is the only one who can stop them , but his father does not want his son to return to a life of violence .
lolo art house international comedy violette , a 40 year old workaholic with a career in the fashion industry falls for a provincial computer geek , jean rene , while on a spa retreat with her best friend . though jean rene faces a major challenge he must win the trust and respect of violette's teenage son , lolo , who is determined to wreak havoc on the couple's fledging relationship and remain his mother's favorite .
the man who knew infinity art house international drama written and directed by matthew brown , the man who knew infinity is the true story of friendship that forever changed mathematics . in 1913 , srinivasa ramanujan dev patel , a self taught indian mathematics genius , traveled to trinity college , cambridge , where over the course of five years , forged a bond with his mentor , the brilliant and eccentric professor , g . h . hardy jeremy irons , and fought against prejudice to reveal his mathematic genius to the world . the film also stars devika bhise , stephen fry and toby jones . this is ramanujan's story as seen through hardy's eyes .
mr . right action adventure comedy romance hyperactive at the best of times , martha anna kendrick ; pitch perfect has gone full on manic since her latest breakup . she babbles , parties like a monster , cooks everything in sight and is looking to do something terrible when she meets francis sam rockwell ; the way way back . to anyone else , francis's approach would come across as creepy , but martha can't help but be intrigued . they seem a perfect match she's bananas , he's bananas . . . except he's a deadly sort of bananas . he's a professional assassin . francis is a hitman with a cause he unexpectedly kills the people ordering the hits . just as martha begins to realize her new beau wasn't joking when he said he had to step out for a moment to shoot someone , things start heating up for francis . his services are solicited by a dubious client who's being sought by an equally dubious fbi agent tim roth ; pulp fiction , reservoir dogs . as the bodies pile up , martha needs to decide whether to flee or join in the mayhem .
enemy territory septembers of shiraz drama based on true events , septembers of shiraz follows a prosperous jewish family whose lives are turned upside down in the wake of the 1979 iranian revolution . when isaac is suddenly arrested and taken to a secret prison , his wife is left to make sense of what has happened and must somehow secure isaac's release and her family's safety .
born to be blue art house international drama musical performing arts ethan hawke lights up the screen as jazz legend chet baker , whose tumultuous life is thrillingly reimagined with wit , verve , and style to burn . in the 1950s , baker was one of the most famous trumpeters in the world , renowned as both a pioneer of the west coast jazz scene and an icon of cool . by the 1960s , he was all but washed up , his career and personal life in shambles due to years of heroin addiction . in his innovative anti biopic , director robert budreau zeroes in on baker's life at a key moment in the 1960s , just as the musician attempts to stage a hard fought comeback , spurred in part by a passionate romance with a new flame carmen ejogo . creatively blending fact with fiction and driven by hawke's virtuoso performance , born to be blueunfolds with all the stylistic brio and improvisatory genius of great jazz .
couple in a hole art house international drama mystery suspense after their isolated house is destroyed by a wildfire , john paul higgins and karen kate dickie take refuge in the nearby forest and eke out a feral existence , staying away from the villagers in the valley below . as the couple's backstory unfolds , the reasons for their self imposed isolation and their deep grief become apparent . when an overly concerned local farmer andre j r me kircher tries to help them , the couple's relationship becomes ever more fragile and unstable leading to a violent and emotional climax .
colonia art house international mystery suspense a young woman's emma watson desperate search for her abducted boyfriend daniel br hl that draws her into the infamous colonia dignidad , an ex nazi cult that nobody ever escaped from .
the family fang drama adult siblings baxter jason bateman and annie nicole kidman , scarred from an unconventional upbringing , return to their family home after an unlikely accident . when their parents christopher walken and maryann plunkett performance artists famous for elaborate public hoaxes suddenly go missing under troubling circumstances , baxter and annie investigate . unsure whether it's foul play or just another elaborate ruse , nothing can prepare them for what they discover .
the girl in the photographs horror mystery suspense special interest in nick simon's the girl in the photographs , colleen's life isn't going anywhere . the small town check out girl with natural beauty is bored with her dead end job and annoyed by her apathetic boyfriend . this isn't the life she wanted . in the midst of her turmoil , a pair of deranged serial killers begin leaving her photos of their mutilated victims . her chance to escape comes in the form of peter hemmings , a hipster celebrity photographer who has traveled back to his hometown of spearfish , south dakota , with a pack of models , intent on copying the killers' intense and unapologetic artistry . when he learns colleen is the killers' muse , peter resolves to make her his own and use her as the centerpiece of a photo campaign in los angeles . but before colleen can leave her old life behind , she must contend with the desires of her murderous stalkers who have chosen her last night in town to execute their most provocative work to date .
hardcore henry action adventure science fiction fantasy strap in . hardcore henry is one of the most unflinchingly original wild rides to hit the big screen in a long time you remember nothing . mainly because you've just been brought back from the dead by your wife haley bennett . she tells you that your name is henry . five minutes later , you are being shot at , your wife has been kidnapped , and you should probably go get her back . who's got her ? his name's akan danila kozlovsky ; he's a powerful warlord with an army of mercenaries , and a plan for world domination . you're also in an unfamiliar city of moscow , and everyone wants you dead . everyone except for a mysterious british fellow called jimmy sharlto copley . he may be on your side , but you aren't sure . if you can survive the insanity , and solve the mystery , you might just discover your purpose and the truth behind your identity . good luck , henry . you're likely going to need it . . .
into the forest art house international drama science fiction fantasy a worldwide power outage sends the globe toward the brink of apocalypse , forcing two sisters living in their isolated house in the canadian woods to adapt to their new reality and fight for survival in this stirring end of the world thriller .
journey to the shore kishibe no tabi art house international drama science fiction fantasy romance mizuki's husband , yusuke , drowned at sea three years ago . when he suddenly comes back home , she is not that surprised , instead , mizuki wonders what took him so long . together they embark on a journey to meet the people who helped him on his journey in a world where the living and the dead coexist in an almost normal manner .
evolution art house international drama 10 year old nicolas lives with his mother on a remote island , in a village inhabited solely by women and young boys . in a hospital overlooking the ocean , all the boys are subjected to a strange medical treatment . only nicolas questions what is happening around him . he senses that his mother is lying to him , and is determined to find out what she does with the other women at night , on the beach . what he discovers is the beginning of a nightmare into which he is helplessly drawn . but in stella , a young nurse at the hospital , nicolas finds an unexpected ally .
lost and beautiful bella e perduta art house international drama despite death threats from the mafia and his country's general apathy , a humble shepherd , tommaso , takes it upon himself to look after the abandoned bourbon palace of carditello , deep in the heart of the 'land of fires . ' one day , tommaso is seized by a heart attack and dies ; but not before making a final wish . he summons a masked character named pulcinella to rescue a buffalo calf called sarchiopone from the forsaken palace . together , man and beast , embark on a long journey through a lost and beautiful italy , searching for something which may no longer exist . shot on expired 16mm stock , lost and beautiful is a ravishing work that heralds the arrival of an extraordinary new filmmaker .
mr . six lao pao er action adventure art house international drama mystery suspense a once notorious but now lonely hoodlum named mr . six feng xiaogang discovers his estranged son , bobby li yifeng , has been kidnapped after damaging the car of a government official's son kris wu . when he tries to fix the situation using traditional methods and is humiliated , he summons his retired gang to apply old school tactics to get his son
neon bull boi neon art house international drama wild , sensual and utterly transporting , brazilian writer director gabriel mascaro's second fiction feature unfolds within the world of the vaquejada , a traditional exhibition sport in which cowboys try to pull bulls to the ground by their tails . neon bull explores the vaquejada through the eyes of iremar , a handsome cowboy who works the events . while he's not afraid to get his hands dirty , iremar's real dream is to design exotic outfits for dancers .
no home movie art house international documentary no home movie is a sober , profoundly moving portrait of the filmmaker's mother natalia in the months leading up to her death , when she was mostly confined to her brussels apartment . a polish jew who survived auschwitz , natalia suffered from chronic anxiety all her life , an affliction that fuelled much of her daughter's creative output and helped shape akerman's thematic preoccupations with gender , sex , cultural identity , existential ennui , solitude , and mania .
southbound horror mystery suspense science fiction fantasy on a desolate stretch of desert highway , weary travelers two men on the run from their past , a band on their way to the next gig , a man struggling to get home , a brother in search of his long lost sister and a family on vacation are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales of terror and remorse on the open road . .
sunset song art house international drama romance sunset song is terence davies' intimate epic of hope , tragedy and love at the dawning of the great war . a young woman's endurance against the hardships of rural scottish life , based on the novel by lewis grassic gibbon , told with gritty poetic realism by britain's greatest living auteur . the film takes place during the early years of the twentieth century , with the conflicts and choices a young woman experiences reflecting the struggle between tradition and change ; a struggle that continues to resonate today . set in a rural community , sunset song is driven by the young heroine chris and her intense passion for life , for the unsettling ewan and for the unforgiving land . the first world war reaches out from afar , bringing the modern world to bear on the community in the harshest possible way , yet in a final moment of grace , chris endures , now a woman of remarkable strength who is able to draw from the ancient land in looking to the future . sunset song is at once epic in emotional scale and deeply romantic at its core , given power by terence davies' unflinching poetic realism
guilty talvar art house international drama mystery suspense in this tense whodunit based on a sensational , real life murder trial in india , the police investigation into the killing of a teenage girl ayesha parveen leads to two possible sets of suspects the parents , and the father's assistant .
the white knights les chevaliers blancs drama the head of move for kids asks humanitarian workers in africa to take in orphaned children .
the wave bolgen action adventure art house international drama mystery suspense nestled in norway's sunnm re region , geiranger is one of the most spectacular tourist draws on the planet . with the mountain kerneset overlooking the village and constantly threatening to collapse into the fjord it is also a place where cataclysm could strike at any moment . after putting in several years at geiranger's warning center , geologist kristian is moving on to a prestigious gig with an oil company . but the very day he's about to drive his family to their new life in the city , kristian senses something isn't right . the substrata are shifting . no one wants to believe that this could be the big one , especially with tourist season at its peak , but when that mountain begins to crumble , every soul in geiranger has ten minutes to get to high ground before a tsunami hits , consuming everything in its path .
sky art house international drama while on vacation in california , romy breaks things off once and for all with her boorish husband in a dramatic final fight . a free woman in a strange land , romy embarks on a life changing trip through the desert that brings in her touch with strangers who impact her life in various ways a kindly small town police officer , a pregnant , trailer park dwelling mother , and a charming , ruggedly independent cowboy with whom she finds the possibility of new love .
ma ma art house international drama recently diagnosed with cancer , a woman penelope cruz forms a sudden bond with a widowed soccer scout luis tosar in this deeply personal drama from spanish director julio medem .
as i open my eyes peine j'ouvre les yeux art house international drama this music filled , french tunisian production is set in tunis , summer 2010 , a few months before the revolution , and depicts the clash between culture and family as seen through the eyes of a young tunisian woman balancing the traditional expectations of her family with her creative life , as the singer in a politically charged rock band . director leyla bouzid's feature offers a nuanced portrait of the implications of the arab spring on the lives of young people in the region , while also creating a complex story about a young woman using art to transform her reality .
al purdy was here art house international documentary musical performing arts this documentary profiles canadian poet al purdy , who first came to prominence in the 1960s with a style of writing that attempted to capture the tenor of modern life . the film includes archival footage of purdy from television appearances , as well as interviews with friends , colleagues , and fellow artists . directed by brian d . johnson , al purdy was here made its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
the ardennes d'ardennen art house international drama a brutal homejacking goes hopelessly wrong . dave , one of the two robbers , manages to run off , leaving his brother kenneth behind . four years later , kenneth is released from prison and much has changed . dave has his life back on track and is trying to help kenneth where ever possible , but is witnessing how the highly strung kenneth tries to win back his ex girlfriend sylvie .
11 minutes 11 minut art house international drama mystery suspense this film from director jerzy skolimowski takes place over the course of 11 minutes during a day in warsaw , exploring the stories of a number of people in the process .
the boy and the beast bakemono no ko action adventure animation art house international the latest feature film from award winning japanese director mamoru hosoda summer wars , wolf children when kyuta , a young orphan living on the streets of shibuya , stumbles into a fantastic world of beasts , he's taken in by kumatetsu , a gruff , rough around the edges warrior beast who's been searching for the perfect apprentice . despite their constant bickering , kyuta and kumatetsu begin training together and slowly form a bond as surrogate father and son . but when a deep darkness threatens to throw the human and beast worlds into chaos , the strong bond between this unlikely pair will be put to the ultimate test a final showdown that will only be won if the two can finally work together using all of their combined strength and courage .
chevalier art house international comedy drama in the middle of the aegean sea , on a luxury yacht , six men on a fishing trip decide to play a game . during this game , things will be compared , measured and blood will be tested . friends will become rivals , but at the end of the voyage , when the game is over , the winner will wear the victorious signet ring the
from afar desde all art house international drama armando , a 50 year old man , seeks young men in caracas and pays them just for company . one day he meets elder , a 17 year old boy that is the leader of a criminal gang , and that meeting changes their lives forever .
embrace of the serpent el abrazo de la serpiente action adventure art house international embrace of the serpent features the encounter , apparent betrayal and finally life affirming friendship between an amazonian shaman the last survivor of his people and two foreign scientists .
a flickering truth art house international documentary this documentary from pietra brettkelly profiles filmmakers and cinema fans in afghanistan as they attempt to recover the over 8 , 000 hours of film that had to be buried and hidden during the tyrannical rule of the taliban .
girls lost pojkarna art house international drama kim , bella and momo , three bullied teenaage girls are going through the throes of finding themselves . surrounded by a dark world of teenage violence , marginalization and sexual confusion , the girls have only each other . a seismic shift happens when they discover a curious plant in their beloved greenhouse . it turns out to have mysterious magical qualities that , when consumed , transforms the girls temporarily into boys . but not only does their gender change , the world around them , and their response to it , is profoundly altered .
the hard stop art house international documentary drama the hard stop is an intimate documentary revealing the story , away from all press coverage , of mark duggan's friends and family following his death . he was shot and killed in a 'hard stop' police procedure in 2011 , sparking the most violent riots in british history . for 28 months , director george amponsah the fighting spirit filmed around broadwater farm in tottenham , where duggan grew up , capturing his family's distress and focusing on two of his best friends , marcus knox and kurtis henville . we follow the men closely as they attempt to get on with their lives , look for a job , talk about the discrimination they experience on a daily basis and the impact duggan's death has had on the community . duggan is present throughout , in peoples' testimonies and news broadcasts . what emerges is a profoundly humane , thought provoking and topical testament , which gives a voice to people who are rarely heard .
the here after efterskalv art house international drama when john returns home to his father after serving time in prison , he is looking forward to starting his life afresh . however in the local community , his crime is neither forgotten nor forgiven . john's presence brings out the worst in everyone around him and a lynch mob atmosphere slowly takes shape . feeling abandoned by his former friends and the people he loves , john loses hope and the same aggressions that previously sent him to prison start building up again . unable to leave the past behind , he decides to confront it .
the kind words art house international comedy drama the kind words comedy drama this quirky and wry dramedy follows three jewish israeli siblings dorona and brothers netanel and shai who , in the wake of their mother's death , learn the man who raised them is not their biological dad . the revelation sends them on a road trip from israel across france to discover the truth about their real father . the sixth feature from writer director shemi zarhin explores an unraveling family secret and the bittersweet journey of self discovery that follows .
summertime la belle saison art house international drama romance a young woman izia higelin moves from the french countryside to paris and begins a passionate love affair with a feminist leader cecile de france in this drama set in 1970s france . catherine corsini directed .
les cowboys art house international drama a vast prairie , a country western gathering somewhere in the east of france . alain is a central figure in this community . he's dancing with his daughter kelly , 16 , as his wife and their young son kid watch from the sidelines . but on this day , kelly disappears , and the family falls apart . alain embarks on a relentless search for his daughter , even though it costs him everything and takes him to some far off places . dark , unsettling places , where his sole support is kid , who sacrifices his youth to accompany his father on this seemingly endless quest .
magallanes art house international drama
men chicken m nd h ns art house international comedy drama science fiction fantasy men chicken is a darkly hilarious slapstick comedy starring mads mikkelsen
miss sharon jones ! documentary a year in the life of the popular funk soul singer who was trying to release a new album while battling pancreatic cancer .
a month of sundays art house international comedy real estate agent frank mollard won't admit it , but he can't move on . divorced but still attached , he can't sell a house in a property boom much less connect with his teenage son . one night frank gets a phone call from his mother . nothing out of the ordinary . apart from the fact that she died a year ago . a month of sundays is about parents , children , regrets , mourning , moments of joy , houses , homes , love , work , television , shakespeare and and jazz fusion about ordinary people and improbable salvation . because everyone deserves a second chance . even a real estate agent .
no men beyond this point art house international comedy drama science fiction fantasy imagine a world where , since 1953 , women have been able to reproduce without men and they are no longer giving birth to male babies . now , over 60 years later , this deadpan mocumentary follows the youngest man still alive 37 year old andrew myers . working as a housekeeper for a family of women , andrew finds himself at the center of a battle to prevent men from going extinct . no men beyond this point is a feature film that asks the question , what would the world be like if women were in charge ?
the ones below art house international mystery suspense the ones below is the debut feature from writer director david farr screenwriter of hanna and amc's the night manager , starring the ensemble cast of cle mence poe sy birdsong , the tunnel , harry potter , david morrissey the walking dead , red riding , welcome to the punch stephen campbell moore complicit , history boys , ashes to ashes , and laura birn the purge , pearls and pigs , heart of a lion . blending an element of urban dread with an edgy sense of paranoia , the ones below follows kate poe sy and justin moore , a young couple in a tiny london suburb eagerly awaiting the birth of their first child . but when the enigmatic teresa bim and jon morrissey move into the apartment downstairs , the parents to be soon become involved in a psychological battle of wills with the new tenants .
our last tango un tango m s art house international documentary executive produced by wim wenders , our last tango tells the life and love story of argentina's most famous tango dancers maria nieves rego and juan carlos copes , who met as teenagers and danced together for nearly fifty years until a painful separation tore them apart . relaying their story to a group of young tango dancers and choreographers from buenos aires , their story of love , hatred and passion is transformed into unforgettable tango choreographies .
p . s . jerusalem art house international documentary danae elon exposes a deep , complex , and painful portrait of jerusalem today . the filmmaker relocates her young family from new york city to her childhood home of jerusalem , a decision prompted by the death of her father . danae's camera captures her three young boys growing up , asking endless questions and confronting the reality around them . she sends them to the only school in the city that teaches arab and jewish children together , a respite from the conflict enveloping her surroundings . but can she keep her family together and keep a cool head in the political and cultural heat of jerusalem ?
a patch of fog art house international mystery suspense a security guard catches a famous writer tv host shoplifting and blackmails him into becoming friends .
phantom boy animation art house international kids family science fiction fantasy leo has a secret . a mysterious illness has transformed him into a phantom boy , able to leave the confines of his body and explore the city as a ghostly apparition . while in the hospital , he befriends alex , a new york city cop injured while attempting to capture a nefarious gangster who has taken control of the city's power supply , throwing the metropolis into chaos . now they must form an extraordinary duo , using leo's phantom powers and alex's detective work to foil the plot and save new york from destruction .
demon art house international mystery suspense newly arrived from england to marry his fiancee zaneta agnieszka zulewska , chemo , peter israeli actor itay tiran , lebanon has been given a gift of her family's ramshackle country house in rural poland . it's a total fixer upper , and while inspecting the premises on the eve of the wedding , he falls into a pile of human remains . the ceremony proceeds , but strange things begin to happen . . . during the wild reception , peter begins to come undone , and a dybbuk , the iconic ancient figure from jewish folklore , takes a toehold in this present day celebration for a very particular reason , as it turns out . the final work by marcin wrona , who died just as demon was set to premiere in poland , is part absurdist comedy , part love story that scares , amuses , and charms in equal measure .
the steps art house international comedy drama an uptight new yorker and his party girl sister visit their dad's lake house to meet his new wife and her rough around the edges kids , prompting a clash of cultures quickly descending into chaos . when the
presenting princess shaw art house international documentary musical performing arts the true story of the incredible princess shaw and the enigmatic composer kutiman , who discovers her from the other side of the world . by day , samantha montgomery cares for the elderly in one of new orleans's toughest neighborhoods . by night , she writes and sings her own songs as princess shaw on her confessional youtube channel . raw and vulnerable , her voice is a diamond in the rough . across the globe , ophir kutiel creates video mash ups of amateur youtube performers . known as kutiman , he is a composer , a musician , and a pioneering video artist embraced by the world of fine art . two strangers , almost 7 , 000 miles apart , begin to build a song . the film unfolds as kutiman pairs princess shaw's emotional performances in a beautiful expression of generosity and compassion , revealing the bonafide star underneath and her fight to never give up on her dreams .
dunkirk action adventure drama acclaimed auteur christopher nolan directs this world war ii thriller about the evacuation of allied troops from the french city of dunkirk before nazi forces can take hold . tom hardy , kenneth branagh and mark rylance co star , with longtime nolan collaborator hans zimmer providing the score .
truman art house international comedy drama childhood friends juli n ricardo dar n and tom s javier c mara were once inseparable . eventually , the two have lost sight of their friendship . while the divorced juli n remained in spain where he has lived through the highs and lows of an acting career , the teacher tom s emigrated to canada , where he has built up a peaceful existence together with his job , his wife and his children . after a reunion one day in madrid , their friendship survived once again , as if it had never fallen asleep . together the two spend a few wonderful days in the city full of nostalgic memories and unforgettable experiences knowing that this will probably be their last reunion because juli n has been diagnosed terminally ill with cancer .
urban hymn art house international drama musical performing arts a redemptive coming of age story about a wayward teen , jamie letitia wright , who is encouraged by an inspiring and unconventional social worker kate shirley henderson , to use singing as an escape from her troubled background . jamie's loyalties soon become torn between kate and her possessive and volatile best friend , leanne isabella laughland .
wedding doll hatuna meniyar art house international drama hagit , a young woman with mild mental deficiency , works in a toilet paper factory . she lives with her mother sarah , a divorc e who gave up her life for her daughter . hagit strives for independence and sarah is torn between her desire to protect her , and her own will to live . when a relationship develops between her and the son of the factory owner , hagit hides it from her mother . the announcement of the closing of the factory shakes hagit and sarah's life and jeopardizes hagit's love story .
zoom animation art house international comedy drama the film consists of three seemingly separate but ultimately interlinked storylines about a comic book artist , a novelist , and a film director . each character lives in a separate world but authors a story about the life of another . the comic book artist , emma , works by day at an artificial love doll factory , and is hoping to undergo a secret cosmetic procedure . emma's comic tells the story of edward , a cocky film director with a debilitating secret about his anatomy . the director , edward , creates a film that features michelle , an aspiring novelist who escapes to brazil and abandons her former life as a model . michelle , pens a novel that tells the tale of emma , who works at an artificial love doll factory . . . and so it goes . . .
the wait l'attesa art house international drama this film navigates a range of emotions in telling the strange , irresistible story of the relationship between two women from different generations . young and enchanting , jeanne arrived with excitement before giuseppe , whose continued delays and lack of presence cast a dark , mysterious shadow over the household . why is giuseppe not here and when will he appear ? as anna and jeanne wait , they grow closer than either imagined they would , despite the secrets they're harboring from one another .
river art house international mystery suspense after refusing to obey a senior surgeon , john lake , an american volunteer doctor in laos , is instructed to take a leave of absence . to regroup , he travels to a remote island in the south of laos . the solace of the island is shattered when john intervenes in the sexual assault of a young laotian woman , accidentally killing her assailant . horrified by the violence and the prospect of being sent to prison , john panics and flees . he soon discovers that he's wanted not only for the murder of an australian senator's son , but also for the rape of the very woman he saved . what follows is a harrowing journey through the laotian interior that will test and transform john in profound ways .
miss hokusai sarusuberi miss hokusai animation art house international drama special interest from award winning director keiichi hara colorful and japanese powerhouse production i . g creators of ghost in the shell comes a remarkable story of the daughter behind one of history's most famous artists . as all of edo flocks to see the work of the revered painter hokusai , his daughter o ei toils diligently inside his studio . her masterful portraits , dragons and erotic sketches sold under the name of her father are coveted by upper crust lords and journeyman print makers alike . shy and reserved in public , in the studio o ei is as brash and uninhibited as her father , smoking a pipe while sketching drawings that would make contemporary japanese ladies blush . but despite this fiercely independent spirit , o ei struggles under the domineering influence of her father and is ridiculed for lacking the life experience that she is attempting to portray in her art . miss hokusai's bustling edo present day tokyo is filled with yokai spirits , dragons , and conniving tradesmen , while o ei's relationships with her demanding father and blind younger sister provide a powerful emotional underpinning to this sumptuously animated coming of age tale .
high rise action adventure art house international drama science fiction fantasy high rise stars hiddleston as dr . robert laing , the newest resident of a luxurious apartment in a high tech concrete skyscraper whose lofty location places him amongst the upper class . laing quickly settles into high society life and meets the building's eccentric tenants charlotte miller , his upstairs neighbor and bohemian single mother ; wilder evans , a charismatic documentarian who lives with his pregnant wife helen moss ; and mr . royal irons , the enigmatic architect who designed the building . life seems like paradise to the solitude seeking laing . but as power outages become more frequent and building flaws emerge , particularly on the lower floors , the regimented social strata begins to crumble and the building becomes a battlefield in a literal class war .
ixcanul art house international drama on the slopes of an active volcano in guatemala , a marriage is arranged for 17 year old maria by her kaqchikel parents .
janis little girl blue art house international documentary janis joplin is one of the most revered and iconic rock roll singers of all time , a tragic and misunderstood figure who thrilled millions of listeners and blazed new creative trails before her death in 1970 at age 27 . this in depth examination presents an intimate and insightful portrait of a complicated , driven , and often beleaguered artist . joplin's own words tell much of the film's story through a series of letters she wrote to her parents over the years , many of them made public here for the first time . joplin was a powerhouse when she sang , and her recordings have never left the radio or the hearts of rock fans worldwide . a new understanding of a bright , complex woman whose surprising rise and sudden demise changed music forever .
ville marie art house international drama
howl horror young ambitious ticket collector joe is overseeing the last train out of london on a dark and stormy night the usual collection of passengers on board from the obnoxious teen to the workaholic businesswoman . suddenly the train screeches to a halt in a forest after hitting something on the tracks , but the investigating driver never returns .
the mind's eye action adventure horror zack connors and rachel meadows were born with incredible psychokinetic capabilities . when word of their supernatural talents gets out , they find themselves the prisoners of michael slovak , a deranged doctor intent on harvesting their powers . after a daring escape , they are free from his sinister institution , but the corrupt doctor will stop at nothing to track them down so that he may continue to siphon their gifts for his own use .
the clan el clan art house international drama special interest old habits die hard the
too late drama private investigator mel sampson academy award nominee john hawkes is tasked with tracking down the whereabouts of a missing woman from his own past . with this familiar setup , too late takes the spine of the classic private eye genre and tears it to pieces , weaving it back together into a tapestry of southern california and the menagerie of eccentric personalities and lost souls who inhabit it . from the desolate , overgrown radio hill to the ritzy penthouse of the beverly hilton , the film presents a sprawling view of los angeles that ranges from the undiscovered to the iconic . ultimately , too late tells the story of a missing woman , but paints the portrait of a lost man .
jazbaa action adventure drama prominent criminal lawyer anuradha verma's daughter is abducted , and the abductor informs her that the only way she will ever see her daughter again is by defending a convicted felon , charged with brutally raping and murdering a young woman . the abductor watches anuradha's every move , forces her to comply and orchestrates a perfect crime by outwitting the police . anuradha's friend yohan , a suspended policeman with disregard for old rules , is too tangled up in his own mess to help her . the prosecutor is a longtime rival who is determined to defeat anuradha professionally . anuradha has only seven days before the trial ends and race against time and corruption to save her daughter .
how to talk to girls at parties comedy science fiction fantasy an extraterrestrial traveler learns about the art of teenage seduction in this sci fi comedy based off a 2006 short story written by neil gaiman . nicole kidman , elle fanning , and alex sharp star in director john cameron mitchell's adaptation .
london fields mystery suspense special interest the directorial debut of mathew cullen , london fields is an adaptation of martin amis' 1989 novel of the same name centering around a terminally ill american writer billy bob thornton living in london and a woman amber heard who anticipates her own murder . this stylish noir thriller also stars jim sturgess and cara delevingne and received its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
cash only drama elvis martini is in deep trouble . his dilapidated detroit apartment building is about to be foreclosed on by the bank ; most of his tenants are behind on rent ; he's in big debt to bookies and his daughter's school . he finds some ill gotten cash in an evicted tenant's apartment and it briefly keeps the wolves at bay , but it brings out a bigger wolf , one that wants his stolen money back . when his daughter is kidnapped by the mysterious menace he's accidentally messed with , elvis has 24 hours to come up with 25k cash only . c filmbuff
mi america a hate crime has been committed . five migrant laborers are beaten , shot , then ditched near an abandoned industrial riverfront complex . the bodies are discovered six months later . rolando ramirez , a mexican american detective , and a longtime resident of this community , has been assigned to the case . was it chance ? or was it fate ? his journey will force him to question his own identity and beliefs , on what it means to be a north american , and in turn , bring those who committed this crime to justice .
be here now the andy whitfield story documentary drama an inspiring love story between television superstar , andy whitfield , of starz's
the looking glass drama after losing her mother , a troubled 13 year old julie comes to la porte , indiana to live with her grandmother , karen . a former star of stage and screen , karen is alone in her knowledge that she is suffering with the early stages of alzhiemers . she wants desperately to connect with her granddaughter in a meaningful way and share her history before it's too late . but the two of them each stubborn in her own way butt heads at every turn . soon , karen discovers a connection julie's powerful singing voice . a voice very similar to the one karen once had . will the discovery of julie's talent be enough to bring the two together and allow karen to pass on her legacy in time ?
havana motor club documentary drama sports fitness havana motor club tells a personal , character driven story about cuba's vibrant community of underground drag racers and their quest to hold cuba's first official car race since shortly after the 1959 revolution . it tackles how cuba's recent reforms the owning of property , allowance of small businesses , and greater exchange between cubans , cuban americans , tourists , and other foreigners have affected the lives of these racers and their families . one racer enlists the help of a cuban american patron in miami to bring in parts for his modern porsche . his main competitor is a renowned mechanic who uses ingenuity rather than resources to create a racing machine out of his father's 1955 chevy bel air . another racer ponders whether he will participate in the race or sell his motor one that he recovered on the ocean floor from a ship used to smuggle cubans off the island in order to flee cuba on a raft headed to florida . meanwhile , the race itself is in jeopardy of coming to fruition due to factors ranging from its status as an elitist sport to the arrival of the pope in cuba . through the experiences of these racers and their community , havana motor club explores how cuba is changing today and what its future holds in light of the obama administration's recent move to normalize relations with the island nation .
camino action adventure set in 1985 , war photographer avery taggert zo bell has built a solid career with her stark and honest imagery , all the while remaining emotionally distant from her subjects . when she embeds in the jungles of colombia with a squad of missionaries led by a beloved and charismatic spaniard known as
elvis nixon comedy on a december morning in 1970 , the king of rock 'n roll showed up on the lawn of the white house to request a meeting with the most powerful man in the world , president nixon . the untold true story behind this revealing , yet humorous moment in the oval office forever immortalized in the most requested photograph in the national archives .
by sidney lumet documentary in a never before seen interview filmed a few years before his death , sidney lumet guides us through his life and work . powerfully dramatic and wildly entertaining films such as serpico , dog day afternoon , 12 angry men , and network , are just part of the canon of one of the most socially conscious directors in the history of cinema . peabody and emmy award winning filmmaker nancy buirski afternoon of a faun , the loving story presents an intimate portrait of lumet . with his typical candor , humor and grace , he reveals what mattered to him as an artist and a human being .
father figures comedy two brothers owen wilson and ed helms hit the road to find their long lost dad after they learn that their mom has been lying to them about his death . this comedy was directed by lawrence sher .
naz maalik action adventure comedy drama in this riveting dramatic tale , gay teens naz and maalik are friends , classmates , business partners and lovers . as the two closeted muslim teens go about their regular daily routine on a friday afternoon in brooklyn they arouse the suspicions of an undercover fbi agent who begins to track them . this complex tale of race , religion and sexuality features a pair of tremendous performances from kerwin johnson jr . as naz and curtis cook jr . as maalik . intimate and meditative , naz maalik examines the mysterious forces that animate teenage minds .
the automatic hate comedy drama when davis green's joseph cross alluring young cousin alexis adelaide clemens appears on his doorstep one night , he discovers that a side of his family has been kept secret from him . against his father's wishes , davis travels to rural , upstate new york to meet his other cousins . while wrestling with a taboo attraction to one another , he and alexis attempt to reunite their families , uncovering the reasons behind a long standing rift and the shocking secret that tore their fathers apart . together , their discoveries force them to confront the temptation to keep their familial grudge going rather than end it .
sex , death and bowling comedy eli mcallister , our eleven year old hero , is on a quest . he is also setting out to win the fiesta cup , a local bowling tournament . joining him is his famous fashion designer uncle , sean mcallister adrian grenier . sean hasn't spent time with his family specifically his father for years . but now he has come home to spend time with his older brother , eli's father . thrown into the tournament as his ailing brother's substitute , sean clashes with his father as old wounds are opened . but instead of reliving the past , they pull together to bowl their best for eli who stands to lose so much . funny , sweet and soulful sex , death and bowling takes us on a journey to learn that the secret to life is loving what you have even if it is just a split .
a country called home drama a country called home tells the story of ellie imogen poots , a young woman living in los angeles who learns that her estranged alcoholic father has died . having had no contact with him since childhood , she's reluctant to make the effort to attend his funeral , but something draws her to the dusty corner of texas where he spent the last years of his life . at first dismayed by the small town vibe , she's soon intrigued by the people she meets , among them a distraught stepmother , her apprehensive son , a gutsy young musician , and a set of doting grandparents she's never met . as she finds glimpses of the father she once knew , she also discovers a new attitude towards friendship , loyalty , and family .
cabin fever horror the story is familiar fresh out of college , a group of five friends retreat to a remote cabin in the woods for one last week of partying only to become snacks for a gruesome , flesh eating virus . what's surprising are the ingenious new deaths , which offer a fresh spin on a horror comedy milestone .
dreams rewired documentary tilda swinton's hypnotic voiceover and a treasure trove of rare archival footage culled from hundreds of films from the 1880s through the 1930s much of it previously unseen combine to trace the anxieties of today's hyper connected world back a hundred years . then , too , electric media sparked idealism in the public imagination hailed as the beginning of an era of total communication , annihilation of distance and the end of war . but then , too , fears over the erosion of privacy , security , morality proved to be well founded . dreams rewired traces contemporary appetites and anxieties back to the birth of the telephone , television and cinema . at the time , early electric media were as revolutionary as social media are now . the technologies were expected to serve everyone , not just the elite classes . human relationships would become stronger , efficiency would increase and the society would be revolutionized . . . but these initial promises were very different from what new media eventually brought to daily life . using excerpts from early dramatic films , slapstick comedies , political newsreels , advertisements and recordings of scientific experiments culled during years of research in film archives around the world , co directors manu luksch , martin reinhart and thomas tode unearth material that is by turns hilarious , revelatory , beautiful and prescient . the archival footage , combined with poetic narration and a virtuosic score by siegfried friedrich forges a cross generational connection between contemporary viewers and their idealistic forbearers of a century ago .
the music of strangers yo yo ma and the silk road ensemble documentary from the director of the oscar r winning documentary 20 feet from stardom and the critically acclaimed best of enemies , the new film the music of strangers yo yo ma and the silk road ensemble tells the extraordinary story of the renowned international musical collective created by legendary cellist yo yo ma . the feature length documentary follows this group of diverse instrumentalists , vocalists , composers , arrangers , visual artists and storytellers as they explore the power of music to preserve tradition , shape cultural evolution and inspire hope .
the tainted veil documentary this documentary views the hijab , a head covering traditionally worn by muslim women , and features debates and discussions about the meaning the covering has and the opnions and stigmas involving it .
the messenger art house international documentary kids family in this documentary filmmaker su rynard examines the various hazards songbirds face around the world , which has led to a drastic reduction in their population . the role the birds play in the global ecosystem is discussed by biologists and industry experts .
driving with selvi art house international documentary the life of a young indian woman is chronicled in this documentary , which begins in 2004 at the shelter where 18 year old former child bride selvi finds herself after fleeing an abusive marriage . in time , she learns to drive and becomes a cabbie in the city of karnataka the first female taxi driver in south india . her life flowers in other areas , too she remarries to another driver and becomes a mother .
right now , wrong then drama quite by accident , a film director arrives in town a day early . with time to kill before his lecture the next day , he stops by a restored , old palace and meets a fledgling artist . she's never seen any of his films , but knows he's famous . they talk . and together , they go to her workshop to look at her paintings , have sushi and soju . more conversation follows , and drinks , and then an awkward get together with friends where all sorts of secrets are revealed . all the while , they may or may not be falling for each other . then , quite unexpectedly , we begin again , but now things appear somewhat different .
land of mine under sandet art house international drama in the aftermath of world war ii , a group of surrendered german soldiers are ordered by allied forces to remove their own landmines from the coast of denmark . directed by martin zandvliet , land of mine made its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
bang gang a modern love story drama george , a pretty teen girl , falls in love with alex . to get his attention , she initiates a game with their friends , discovering , testing and pushing the limits of their sexuality . when the nature of their activities is revealed , each of them deals with the scandal in radically different ways . faced with the implosion of their value systems , they move on by reassessing their priorities , finding love and their real desires .
looking for grace art house international drama the long awaited new film from sue brooks , the acclaimed and multi award winning director of japanese story and road to nhill , looking for grace is an intimate , funny and profoundly moving story about the complexities of family life . when rebellious 16 year old grace rising star odessa young takes off , her exasperated mum and dad the superb radha mitchell and richard roxburgh enlist the help of a close to retirement detective , and begin the long drive from perth out to the west australian wheatbelt to try to find her . on the journey , the two must confront the realities of their changing relationship to one another , and to their daughter . wry , intriguing and poignant , brooks' unflinching reflection on the disruptive effects of both adolescence and middle age boasts her trademark sense of character , acerbic humour and eye for the hypnotic rhythms of australia's regional landscapes . innovatively structured to incrementally reveal each character's journey and secrets from numerous vantage points , looking for grace is ultimately a beautiful , bold and unmistakably australian story that reminds us that life is precious , and can change in the blink of an eye .
ayanda ayanda and the mechanic art house international drama romance after tragedy strikes , a young woman begins a journey of self discovery as she struggles to save her father's car repair shop along with her memory of him . ayanda is a coming of age story from south african writer director sara blecher that takes us into a vibrant johannesburg community alive with love and humor , risk and reward , tragedy and triumph .
golden kingdom drama golden kingdom is a narrative feature film about four orphan boys , novice monks living in a buddhist monastery in a remote part of northeast burma . the head monk departs on a long journey from which he may never return , leaving the boys alone in the middle of the forest . once the boys are on their own , strange , magical occurrences begin to pass . orphan witazara realizes he must protect the three other boys throughout this series of bizarre events , which threaten to unravel the fabric of the young monks' reality .
kaili blues lu bian ye can art house international drama mystery suspense a stunning , dreamlike debut , kaili blues is about a country doctor's search for an abandoned child that takes him to a mysterious place where past , present and future become one .
ming of harlem twenty one storeys in the air documentary a documentary exploring secret lives , behavior and extreme levels of human beast intimacy and communication , focusing on the 'only in new york' story of antoine yates and his cohabitation in a harlem high rise with ming , a five hundred pound tiger and al , a seven foot alligator , combined with filmic observation of predators in domesticated geographies . see more at http www . sodapictures . com ? post_type film p 2727 sthash . egoxmoda . dpuf
standing tall la t te haute art house international drama abandoned by his mother at the age of 6 , malony is constantly in and out of juvenile court . an adoptive family grows around this young delinquent florence , a children's magistrate nearing retirement , and yann , a caseworker and himself the survivor of a very difficult childhood . together they follow the boy's journey and try unfailingly to save him . then malony is sent to a stricter educational center , where he meets tess , a very special young girl who will show him that there are reasons for hope .
the other side of the door horror mystery suspense a family lives an idyllic existence abroad until a tragic accident takes the life of their young son . the inconsolable mother learns of an ancient ritual that will bring him back to say a final goodbye . she travels to an ancient temple , where a door serves as a mysterious portal between two worlds . but when she disobeys a sacred warning to never open that door , she upsets the balance between life and death .
why him ? comedy over the holidays , ned bryan cranston , an overprotective but loving dad and his family visit his daughter at stanford , where he meets his biggest nightmare her well meaning but socially awkward silicon valley billionaire boyfriend , laird james franco . the straight laced ned thinks laird , who has absolutely no filter , is a wildly inappropriate match for his daughter . the one sided rivalry and ned's panic level escalate when he finds himself increasingly out of step in the glamorous high tech hub , and learns that laird is about to pop the question .
observance art house international drama horror mystery suspense a recently divorced private investigator , mourning the death of his son and facing bankruptcy , reluctantly takes on a surveillance job . anticipating the assignment to be routine , he soon witnesses a series of bizarre and unexplained happenings , drawing him into a world of intrigue and horror that slowly begin to consume him .
troublemakers the story of land art documentary troublemakers unearths the history of land art in the tumultuous late 1960s and early 1970s . the film features a cadre of renegade new york artists that sought to transcend the limitations of painting and sculpture by producing earthworks on a monumental scale in the desolate desert spaces of the american southwest . today these works remain impressive not only for the sheer audacity of their makers but also for their out sized ambitions to break free from traditional norms . the film casts these artists in a heroic light , which is exactly how they saw themselves . iconoclasts who changed the landscape of art forever , these revolutionary , antagonistic creatives risked their careers on radical artistic change and experimentation , and took on the establishment to produce art on their own terms . the film includes rare footage and interviews which unveil the enigmatic lives and careers of storied artists robert smithson , walter de maria and michael heizer ; a headstrong troika that established the genre . as the film makes clear , in making works that can never be possessed as an object in a gallery , these troublemakers stand in marked contrast to the hyper speculative contemporary art world of today .
band of robbers action adventure comedy a modern day retelling of mark twain's iconic books , band of robbers is a comedic adventure that reimagines the characters as grown men , and small time crooks . when huck finn is released from prison , he hopes to leave his criminal life behind , but his lifelong friend , and corrupt cop , tom sawyer , has other plans . not ready to give up on his childhood fantasies , tom forms the band of robbers , recruiting their misfit friends , joe harper and ben rogers , to join them for an elaborate plan to find a fabled treasure . but the plan soon unravels , thrusting the guys on a wild journey with dangerous consequences . . .
jia zhangke , a guy from fenyang art house international documentary brazilian filmmaker walter salles accompanies the prolific chinese director jia zhangke on a walk down memory lane , as he revisits his hometown and other locations used in creating his ever growing body of work . at each location , they visit jia's family , friends , and former colleagues , and their conversations range from his mother's tales of him as a young boy to amusing remembrances of school days and film shoots to memories of his father and to the shared understanding that if not for pirated dvds , much of jia's work would go unseen in china . all roads traveled are part of one journey ; the destination of which is jia's relationship to his past and to his country . the confluence of storytelling , intellect , and politics informing all of jia's work is brought to light in this lovely , intimate portrait of the artist on his way to the future .
the girl on the train drama mystery suspense rachel , devastated by her recent divorce , spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day , until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds . based on paula hawkins' bestselling novel .
gifted drama frank adler chris evans is a single man raising a child prodigy his spirited young niece mary mckenna grace in a coastal town in florida . frank's plans for a normal school life for mary are foiled when the seven year old's mathematical abilities come to the attention of frank's formidable mother evelyn lindsay duncan whose plans for her granddaughter threaten to separate frank and mary . octavia spencer plays roberta , frank and mary's landlady and best friend . jenny slate is mary's teacher , bonnie , a young woman whose concern for her student develops into a connection with her uncle as well
the corpse of anna fritz el cad ver de anna fritz art house international drama mystery suspense anna fritz , a beautiful spanish actress and one of the most desired women in the world , has suddenly died . her body is transferred to a city morgue , where a withdrawn young orderly , pau , becomes fascinated with her lifeless cadaver . when pau sends a picture of the dead celebrity to his two friends , they show up at the morgue for a glimpse of the beautiful starlet . as the whiskey bottles and coke packets empty , the three friends decide this is an opportunity they can't pass up to get up close and personal with the corpse of anna fritz .
darling horror mystery suspense darling follows a lonely young woman who moves into an old , mysterious manhattan mansion . hired as caretaker , it's not long before she discovers the estate's haunted reputation and troubling past stories that slowly transform into a backdrop for her twisted and violent descent into madness . . . mickey keating's new feature is a chilling black and white psychological horror story beautifully shot in new york city . edited like a nightmare and scored like a hallucination , darling stars lauren ashley carter pod , jug face with supporting performances by brian morvant , sean young , larry fessenden , john speredakos , and helen rogers . produced by fessenden and jenn wexler for glass eye pix and sean fowler for alexander groupe ; keating and carter are also producers .
ghosthunters on icy trails gespensterj ger art house international comedy kids family science fiction fantasy when the often fearful eleven year old tom discovers a slimy green ghost in his cellar called hugo , he is understandably afraid . however , tom soon realises that hugo , who is an asg averagely spooky ghost , is not only completely harmless but also desperately in need of his help . he has been banished from his haunted house by a dangerous aig ancient ice ghost who has moved in and is spreading an arctic cold over the entire town in the middle of summer ! to help get rid of this aig , tom and hugo enlist the services of a professional ghosthunter , hetty cuminseed . will the unconventional trio overcome their differences , and manage to defeat the evil ancient ice ghost , and save the town from an icy end ?
the childhood of a leader drama a child's angelic face conceals a budding sociopath in the audacious , senses shattering feature debut from actor brady corbet . a powerhouse international cast led by robert pattinson and b r nice bejo the artist headlines this dark domestic nightmare . set amidst the turmoil of world war i and its aftermath , it follows the young son of an american diplomat living in france as he learns to manipulate the adults around him a monstrous coming of age that ominously parallels the rising tide of fascism in europe . a stylistically fearless tour de force , the childhood of a leader reaches fever pitch delirium thanks to ravishing cinematography and a thunderous score by legendary , boundary pushing musician scott walker .
this changes everything documentary filmed over 211 shoot days in nine countries and five continents over four years , this changes everything is an epic attempt to re imagine the vast challenge of climate change . inspired by naomi klein's international non fiction bestseller this changes everything , the film presents seven powerful portraits of communities on the front lines , from montana's powder river basin to the alberta tar sands , from the coast of south india to beijing and beyond . interwoven with these stories of struggle is klein's narration , connecting the carbon in the air with the economic system that put it there . throughout the film , klein builds to her most controversial and exciting idea that we can seize the existential crisis of climate change to transform our failed economic system into something radically better .
viral horror teenaged sisters emma sofia black d'elia and stacey analeigh tipton live a normal life , until their small suburban neighborhood is stricken with a mysterious parasitic virus . as the disease rapidly spreads throughout the town , the two band together to barricade themselves from infection . but it may already be too late when the virus enters their home , the sisters are faced with an impossible choice protect each other , or survive the virus . the film stars sofia black d'elia project almanac ,
taking stock art house international comedy drama
warriors art house international documentary
a christmas star art house international kids family a young girl born under the christmas star believes she has the gift to perform miracles .
man down drama when u . s . marine gabriel drummer shia labeouf returns home from his tour in afghanistan , he finds that the place he once called home is no better than the battlefields he fought on overseas . accompanied by his best friend devin roberts jai courtney , a hardnosed marine whose natural instinct is to shoot first and ask questions later , he searches desperately for the whereabouts of his estranged son , johnathan charlie shotwell , and wife , natalie kate mara . in their search , the two intercept charles clifton collins jr . , a man carrying vital information about the whereabouts of gabriel's family . as we revisit the past , we are guided in unraveling the puzzle of gabriel's experience and what will eventually lead us to finding his family . the psychological suspense thriller man down also stars gary oldman .
bite art house international horror while on her bachelorette party getaway , casey , the bride to be , gets a seemingly harmless bite from an unknown insect . after returning home with cold feet , casey tries to call off her wedding but before she's able to , she starts exhibiting insect traits . between her physical transformation and her wedding anxiety , casey succumbs to her new instincts and begins creating a hive that not only houses her translucent eggs , but feeds on the flesh of others . as her transformation becomes complete , casey discovers that everything can change with a single bite .
man vs . snake the long and twisted tale of nibbler documentary 1984 . one shiny quarter . 44 . 5 hours of continuous play . the race to be the first gamer in history to score one billion points . until recently , timothy mcvey not the terrorist thought he had for all these years held the world record on nibbler .
argentina zonda folclore argentino art house international documentary musical performing arts poetic , riveting and moving , argentina explores the heart of traditional argentine folklore and its stunning musical heritage from traditional styles such as the zamba of
innocence of memories art house international documentary orhan pamuk turkey's nobel laureate for literature opens a museum in istanbul . a museum that's a fiction its objects trace a tale of doomed love in 1970's istanbul . the film takes a tour of the objects as the starting point for a trip through love stories , landscapes and the chemistry of the city .
a haunting in cawdor horror in this tense tale of psychological terror , vivian miller shelby young is a young twenties woman who's serving out her jail sentence at a work release program in the midwest . her 90 days of probation takes her to the cawdor barn theatre , a dilapidated summer stock theater run by lawrence o'neil cary elwes . lawrence , a failed broadway director , is now reduced to staging amateur productions with young parolees and raging over the mistakes from his past . vivian's arrival in cawdor starts a terrifying series of events that brings lawrence's secret past to the present . after vivian views an old taped stage production of macbeth , a force of evil is unleashed which soon turns its sights on her . with the help of roddy michael welch , a local outcast , vivian sets about trying to discover who the supernatural killer on the tape is before she becomes the next victim .
the similars los parecidos art house international science fiction fantasy on the rainy night of october 2 , 1968 , eight people waiting in a remote bus station for a bus heading to mexico city start experiencing a strange phenomenon . threatened by paranoia and fear , the strangers show the best and worst of themselves as they try to unravel the mysterious condition that is invading each of them like a virus .
the bounce back comedy romance dating guru matthew taylor shemar moore falls for celebrity therapist kristin peralta nadine velazquez while he does a book tour to promote his best selling self help guide . in time , their relationship forces him to confront his issues stemming from a prior breakup . directed by youssef delara .
finders keepers documentary recovering addict and amputee john wood finds himself in a stranger than fiction battle to reclaim his mummified leg from southern entrepreneur shannon whisnant , who found it in a grill he bought at an auction and believes it to therefore be his rightful property .
closet monster drama a closeted newfoundland teen named oscar connor jessup dreams of becoming a special effects makeup artist , and is terrified of his macho father finding out the truth about his sexuality . when he falls for wilder aliocha schneider , a handsome , worldly co worker at the hardware store , he is forced to confront his fears . written and directed by stephen dunn , closet monster made its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
asthma drama a guy steals a white rolls royce and invites a beautiful tattoo artist on a joyride out of the city where they smoke and talk about life .
i don't belong anywhere le cin ma de chantal akerman documentary i don't belong anywhere the cinema of chantal akerman explores some of the belgian filmmaker's 40 plus films , and from brussels to tel aviv , from paris to new york , it charts the sites of her peregrinations . an experimental filmmaker , a nomad , chantal akerman shared with marianne lambert her cinematic trajectory , one that never ceased to interrogate the meaning of her existence . and with her editor and long time collaborator , claire atherton , she examines the origins of her film language , and aesthetic stance .
heneral luna action adventure art house international special interest set during the philippine american war , heneral luna follows the life of one of philippine history's most brilliant military men , general antonio luna , as he tries to lead his countrymen against colonial masters new and old , and to rise above their own raging disputes to fulfill the promise of the philippine revolution .
marjorie prime drama science fiction fantasy eighty six year old marjorie spends her final , ailing days with a computerized version of her deceased husband . with the intent to recount their life together , marjorie's
dangerous men action adventure comedy after mina witnesses her fianc 's brutal murder by beach thugs , she sets out on a venomous spree to eradicate all human trash from los angeles . armed with a knife , a gun , and an undying rage , she murders her way through the masculine half of the city's populace . a renegade cop is hot on her heels , a trail that also leads him to the subhuman criminal overlord known as black pepper .
los rboles mueren de pie art house international
captain fantastic drama deep in the forests of the pacific northwest , isolated from society , a devoted father viggo mortensen dedicates his life to transforming his six young children into extraordinary adults . but when a tragedy strikes the family , they are forced to leave this self created paradise and begin a journey into the outside world that challenges his idea of what it means to be a parent and brings into question everything he's taught them .
the fear of 13 art house international documentary
rabid dogs enrag s action adventure four violent criminals escaping a robbery take a man , an ailing child and a young woman on a nightmarish road trip in this remake of mario bava's near lost euro crime nasty .
tumbledown comedy small town journalist hannah rebecca hall has been struggling to write the biography of her late husband , an acclaimed musician with a devoted following , while taking refuge with quirky , protective maine locals . but things change when she meets andrew jason sudeikis , a brash , smart alecky new york academic with an obsession for tragic musicians and a different take on her husband . though hannah is skeptical of andrew's motives , the unlikely pair strike up a deal to collaborate on the book , forcing them to confront truths about themselves and the possibility that the next chapter in their lives may involve each other .
my scientology movie art house international documentary 'i find that the most inexplicable behavior is motivated by very relateable human impulses , ' comments louis theroux as he heads to los angeles for his feature documentary , in collaboration with director john dower and double academy award winning producer simon chinn , exploring the church of scientology . following a long fascination with the religion and with much experience in dealing with eccentric , unpalatable and unexpected human behavior , the beguilingly unassuming theroux won't take no for an answer when his requests to enter the church's headquarters is turned down . inspired by the church's use of filming techniques , and aided by ex members of the organization , theroux uses actors to replay some incidents people claim they experienced as members in an attempt to better understand the way it operates . in a bizarre twist , it becomes clear that the church is also making a film about louis theroux . suffused with a good dose of humor and moments worthy of a hollywood script , my scientology movie is stranger than fiction .
the yellow birds drama two young men , daniel murphy tye sheridan and brandon bartle alden ehrenreich , enlist in the army and are deployed to fight in the iraq war . after an unthinkable tragedy , the returning soldier struggles to balance his promise of silence with the truth and a mourning mother's jennifer aniston search for peace . based on kevin powers' new york times best seller , the yellow birds explores the bond among servicemen , the difficulties of coming home and the toll war takes on its soldiers and their families .
cars 3 animation comedy kids family blindsided by a new generation of blazing fast racers , the legendary lightning mcqueen voice of owen wilson is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves . to get back in the game , he will need the help of an eager young race technician , cruz ramirez voice of cristela alonzo , with her own plan to win , plus inspiration from the late fabulous hudson hornet and a few unexpected turns . proving that 95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on piston cup racing's biggest stage !
criminal activities drama four friends stumble into a deal too good to refuse . but when the investment goes bad , they learn that part of their funding came from a notoriously ruthless crime boss . . . and it's payback time . now , they must successfully kidnap a family member of a rival kingpin in order to erase the life threatening debt . in way over their heads , if they can complete the assigned task without screwing up , they just might escape with their lives .
touched with fire drama when two poets with bipolar disorder meet in a treatment facility , their chemistry is instant and intense driving each other's mania to new heights . they pursue their passion which breaks outside the bounds of sanity , swinging them from fantastical highs to tormented lows until they ultimately must choose between sanity and love .
a monster with a thousand heads un monstruo de mil cabezas art house international drama mystery suspense when sonia receives the news that her husband's cancer has progressed to a terminal stage , she races to secure the insurance company approval for the care that can help him . met with indifference and negligence at every turn , sonia's desperation triggers a primal survival instinct as a series of increasingly violent confrontations unfold .
yosemite drama it's the autumn of 1985 . in intertwining tales by james franco , three 5th grade friends , chris , joe and ted , unfold in the suburban paradise of palo alto . chris drives up to yosemite for the weekend with his dad james franco and discovers a corpse in the woods . joe , left to his own devices by his babysitter , befriends a lonely drifter who shares his love of comic books . meanwhile , a mountain lion is spotted in palo alto in broad daylight and ted searches for his cat , who has gone missing based on the short stories
sand castle drama a green us army recruit faces the moral ambiguity of war when his platoon is assigned to build a well in a rural village during the early days of the iraq war . their humanitarian efforts exist side by side with hatred and slaughter .
christmas eve comedy when a power outage traps six different groups of new yorkers inside elevators on christmas eve , they find laughter , romance , and a little holiday magic will get them through and change their lives in unexpected ways
miles ahead drama musical performing arts special interest miles ahead is not just about the music . it's about what we all face at one time or another in our lives ; questions about who we really are , what we have to say and how will we say it . how will we ultimately be defined and who gets to say so ? c official site
100 yen love hyakuen no koi art house international comedy drama
lost in the sun the story of john , a small time crook , who finds an unlikely accomplice in louis , a newly orphaned teenage boy . as their open road adventure progresses and john drags the kid on a string of robberies , the pair forge an unexpected and powerful bond .
office hua li shang ban zu art house international comedy musical performing arts romance in this stylish musical , a ceo's plan to take her company public hits a roadblock when an audit exposes a great deal of corruption . as a result , the stock bonus her former mentor had promised her is in jeopardy .
the pack art house international horror mystery suspense man's best friend turns against him when a horde of bloodthirsty wild dogs descends upon a family's farmhouse . in a remote stretch of the australian outback , a sheep rancher , his veterinarian wife , and their two teenage children live in bucolic isolation until a horrifying night when a pack of fang bearing , four legged rabid beasts besiege their home . with no one around to help them , the family must band together to survive or else become canine kibble . generating a steadily mounting sense of dread , this film cleverly toys with genre conventions before it goes in for the kill .
el m s buscado action adventure art house international
the leisure class comedy a dashing english con man's scheme to marry into a prominent east coast family is threatened by the arrival of his unhinged , ne'er do well brother on the eve of his wedding to the daughter of a u . s . senator . feature directorial debut for jason mann , the winner of the fourth season of hbo's
the funhouse massacre comedy on halloween night a gruesome group of the united states most notorious and colorful serial killers escape from statesville asylum and descend on a giant funhouse whose theme is based on their different reigns of terror . the unsuspected carnival goers think that the carnage created is just part of the show , that is until they become part of the main attraction . the only people left to stop them , a rag tag group of college kids , a clueless deputy and the local sheriff , who seems to have a strange attachment to the leader of this gaggle of maniacs , the silver tongued devil ,
lights out horror when a bloodthirsty supernatural being that lurks in the shadows preys upon a family , a young woman must fight to protect herself , save her little half brother , and uncover a mystery about her family's shadowy past .
bleak street la calle de la amargura art house international comedy drama in the early morning hours , two elderly prostitutes go back to their hovels . they are not tired from working ; they are tired of not working . one has problems at home with her teenage daughter and cross dressing husband . the other lives with her invalid mother and loneliness . but that night , they have a date to celebrate the victory in the ring of two wrestlers , twin midgets wearing masks . at the hourly hotel , in order to rob the tiny men of their earnings , they drug them with eye drops . but the dose proves fatal . they murder them unintentionally . scared and confused , they decide to hide from the police and run away together to live , as they always have , on bleak street .
jeruzalem art house international horror two american girls on vacation follow a mysterious and handsome anthropology student on a trip to jerusalem . the party is cut short when the trio are caught in the middle of a biblical apocalypse . trapped between the ancient walls of the holy city , the three travelers must survive long enough to find a way out as the fury of hell is unleashed upon them .
unindian art house international comedy drama romance
the survivalist art house international drama mystery suspense science fiction fantasy a time of starvation . the survivalist lives off a small plot of land hidden deep in forest protecting his crop from intruders with his shotgun and improvised traps . but the long years alone have taken their toll on him and he is beginning to lose his grip on reality . everything changes when a starving woman called kathryn and her teenage daughter , milja , discover the farm . desperate for shelter , the mother offers up her daughter to spend the night with him in return for bed and board . overcome with desire , survivalist breaks his strict code of self preservation and accepts them into his cabin . as the exchange becomes an uneasy ongoing arrangement , the women plot to get rid of survivalist and have the farm for themselves . but just as they are about to put their plan into action , an intruder kidnaps milja and survivalist risks his life to save her . as he is nursed back to health by the women , food runs short on the farm and they are forced to make desperate decisions to survive .
remainder art house international drama hit by a falling object in a freak accident , an unnamed man awakens from a coma with 8 . 5m in compensation and his memory gone . all that remains is a fragmentary image a small boy at the top of a stairwell in an old house , reaching out his hand to an old lady on the floor below which the man physically reconstructs in the hope of triggering a more complex memory . using his wealth , the man acquires a block of apartments and populates it with actors to play out the scene again and again and again . but as scraps of other memories present themselves and the man becomes ever more desperate to reconnect to life , his re enactments grow increasingly complicated and risky , leading him to an unsolved crime and the secret of his undoing .
villa , itinerario de una pasi n art house international special interest
split drama horror mystery suspense while the mental divisions of those with dissociative identity disorder have long fascinated and eluded science , it is believed that some can also manifest unique physical attributes for each personality , a cognitive and physiological prism within a single being . though kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist , dr . fletcher , there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others . compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful , observant casey , kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him as well as everyone around him as the walls between his compartments shatter apart .
bridget jones's baby comedy romance oscar r winners ren e zellweger and colin firth are joined by patrick dempsey for the next chapter of the world's favorite singleton in bridget jones's baby . directed by sharon maguire bridget jones's diary , the new film in the beloved comedy series based on creator helen fielding's heroine finds bridget unexpectedly expecting . after breaking up with mark darcy firth , bridget jones's zellweger
colossal comedy romance gloria is an out of work party girl who , after getting kicked out of her apartment by her boyfriend , is forced to leave her life in new york and move back to her hometown . when news reports surface that a giant creature is destroying seoul , south korea , gloria gradually comes to the realization that she is somehow connected to this far off phenomenon . as events begin to spin out of control , gloria must determine why her seemingly insignificant existence has such a colossal effect on the fate of the world .
atomic blonde action adventure drama mystery suspense a high stakes , global action thriller that takes place in the city of berlin , on the eve of the wall's collapse and the shifting of superpower alliances . charlize theron
kingsman the golden circle action adventure comedy
snatched action adventure comedy after her boyfriend dumps her on the eve of their exotic vacation , impetuous dreamer emily middleton amy schumer persuades her ultra cautious mother , linda goldie hawn to travel with her to paradise . polar opposites , emily and linda realize that working through their differences as mother and daughter in unpredictable , hilarious fashion is the only way to escape the wildly outrageous jungle adventure they have fallen into . amy schumer and goldie hawn star in the new comedy adventure snatched , which also features ike barinholtz
extraction mystery suspense when a terrorist group kidnaps retired cia field operative leonard turner , his son harry turner , a government analyst who has been repeatedly turned down for field service , launches his own unsanctioned rescue operation . while evading highly skilled operatives , deadly assassins , and international terrorists , harry finally puts his combat training to the test in a high stakes mission to find his father and to stop a terrorist plot .
lucha mexico documentary the ultimate look behind the mask , this film documents the joyous spectacle of lucha libre , which has thrilled fans in mexico for generations . the film gives the audience the ultimate access to these legendary masked wrestlers , in the ring and beyond the lights of the stadium .
now add honey art house international comedy caroline morgan is delighted when her sister , beth , brings her movie star daughter , honey halloway , home for a visit . but when beth is suddenly sent to rehab , caroline is forced to have honey move in to her suburban home . honey struggles with life without an entourage , and her cousins , clare and harriet , struggle with a movie star hogging the bathroom . but after honey leads caroline to uncover a family secret , caroline struggles most of all , as her life quickly falls apart . trapped together in the house , a middle aged woman and a teen starlet must each wrestle with who they really are .
sanjay's super team a young indian boy daydreams of hindu superheroes while his father is meditating in this short film .
the rocky horror picture show let's do the time warp again comedy horror musical performing arts television a reimagining of the cult film that follows a young couple as they end up at a strange convention hosted by a sexually ambiguous scientist who is debuting a creation at the event .
alex eve art house international comedy a greek australian math teacher richard brancatisano and a lebanese australian lawyer andrea demetriades fall in love , but are worried about the inevitable cultural clash that will ensue when they tell their families about their budding romance . directed by peter andrikidis .
leaf blower sopladora de hojas art house international comedy drama three friends have a special mission find some keys lost in a pile of dead leaves . it may seem a simple task , but it will turn into an odyssey when it confronts them to their fear to grow up . this afternoon , as trivial as it may sound , could change the course of their lives .
ocho apellidos catalanes comedy when sevilian rafa met amaia , a basque woman , he was so determined to win her over that he went to her small town pretending to be a basque to get her attention , and they became a couple . after their breakup , amaia is going out with a catalan man named pau , and her father , who had managed to adjust to her seeing an andalusian , leaves euskadi for the first time in his life to go find rafa in seville and get him to try to win amaia back .
submerged drama a limousine joyride goes berserk in this breathless , pulse pounding thriller . an ex soldier turned bodyguard is hired to protect a young woman . but while cruising with a group of friends one night , their stretch limo is run off the road and underwater by a gang of ruthless kidnappers who then dive in to finish the job . suddenly it's sink or swim , as the bodyguard must fight to keep the vehicle from becoming a watery grave .
we are your friends drama set in the world of electronic music and hollywood nightlife , an aspiring 23 year old dj named cole spends his days scheming with his childhood friends and his nights working on the one track that will set the world on fire . all of this changes when he meets a charismatic but damaged older dj named james , who takes him under his wing . things get complicated , however , when cole starts falling for james' much younger girlfriend , sophie . with cole's forbidden relationship intensifying and his friendships unraveling , he must choose between love , loyalty , and the future he is destined for .
the man who saw too much art house international documentary
codegirl documentary join high school aged girls from around the world as they try to better their community through technology and collaboration in this thrilling , heartfelt documentary . by 2017 , the app market will be valued at 77 billion . over 80 of these developers are male . the technovation challenge aims to change that by empowering girls worldwide to develop apps for an international competition . from rural moldova to urban brazil to suburban massachusetts , codegirl follows teams who dream of holding their own in the world's fastest growing industry . the winning team gets 10k to complete and release their app , but every girl discovers something valuable along the way .
desierto action adventure drama mystery suspense what begins as a hopeful journey to seek a better life becomes a harrowing and primal fight for survival when a deranged , rifle toting vigilante chases a group of unarmed men and women through the treacherous u . s . mexican border . in the harsh , unforgiving desert terrain , the odds are stacked firmly against them as they continuously discover there's nowhere to hide from the unrelenting , merciless killer .
the chosen ones las elegidas art house international drama
look at us now , mother ! documentary a humorous , moving , intimate and courageous film following the transformation of an abusive mother and tumultuous mother daughter relationship to that of acceptance and love as we follow the personal story of the filmmaker .
a war krigen drama company commander claus m . pedersen pilou asb k and his men are stationed in an afghan province . meanwhile back in denmark claus' wife maria tuva novotny is trying to hold everyday life together with a husband at war and three children missing their father . during a routine mission , the soldiers are caught in heavy crossfire and in order to save his men , claus makes a decision that has grave consequences for him and his family back home . c magnolia
the brothers grimsby comedy nobby sacha baron cohen , a sweet but dimwitted english football hooligan , reunites with his long lost brother sebastian mark strong , a deadly mi6 agent , to prevent a massive global terror attack and prove that behind every great spy is an embarrassing sibling . nobby has everything a man from grimsby could want , including 11 children and the most gorgeous girlfriend in the northeast of england rebel wilson . there's only one thing missing his little brother , sebastian , who nobby has spent 28 years searching for after they were separated as kids . nobby sets off to reunite with sebastian , unaware that not only is his brother mi6's deadliest assassin , but he's just uncovered plans for an imminent global terrorist attack . on the run and wrongfully accused , sebastian realizes that if he is going to save the world , he will need the help of its biggest idiot .
noma my perfect storm documentary a creative journey into the unique mind of ren redzepi . how did redzepi manage to revolutionize the entire world of gastronomy , inventing the alphabet and vocabulary that would infuse newfound pedigree to nordic cuisine and establish a new edible world while radically changing the image of the modern chef ? his story has the feel of a classic fairy tale the ugly duckling transformed into a majestic swan , who now reigns over the realm of modern gourmet cuisine . but beneath the polished surface , cracks appear in the form of old wounds . 2013 stands as the worst year in ren redzepi's career . we follow him as he fights his way back to the top , reinventing noma and reclaiming the title of best restaurant in the world in 2014 for the fourth time .
all the way drama adaptation of robert schenkkan's tony award winning play about the early days of lyndon b . johnson's presidency , from the assassination of john f . kennedy to the battle over the civil rights act of 1964 and his campaign to stay in the white house .
harold and lillian a hollywood love story documentary movie fans know the work of harold and lillian michelson , even if they don't recognize the names . working largely uncredited in the hollywood system , storyboard artist harold and film researcher lillian left an indelible mark on classics by alfred hitchcock , steven spielberg , mel brooks , stanley kubrick , roman polanski and many more . through an engaging mix of love letters , film clips and candid conversations with harold and lillian , danny devito , mel brooks , francis ford coppola and others , this deeply engaging documentary from academy award r nominated director daniel raim offers both a moving portrait of a marriage and a celebration of the unknown talents that help shape the films we love .
buster's mal heart drama mystery suspense in this bold thriller peppered with dark humor and interlocking mystery , an eccentric mountain man is on the run from the authorities , surviving the winter by breaking into empty vacation homes in a remote community . regularly calling into radio talk shows where he has acquired the nickname
disneynature born in china documentary disneynature's new true life adventure film
american hero action adventure comedy science fiction fantasy melvin stephen dorff , a reluctant hero who is far from super , has been suppressing his telekinetic powers for years with booze , drugs , and women . in the process , he has failed at practically everything , most of all as a parent to his son . after a brush with death , melvin decides to use his powers for good and clean up the streets of new orleans with the help of his best friend definitely not a sidekick , lucille eddie griffin . for a man who can do the impossible , it might be a fight even he can't win .
anguish horror a new girl in a quiet town , tess ryan simpkins tries to manage her psychosis while adjusting to her new life with her mom annika marks . after stumbling upon the shrine of lucy amberley gridley , a hit and run victim , tess finds herself overwhelmed by hallucinations of the dead girl and starts to question her sanity again . when the spirit possesses tess's mind and soul , mother and daughter are at a loss for where to turn next for salvation religion or medicine ? both institutions have failed them to date but faith leads them to the house of sarah karina logue , lucy's mother , who has been despondent since the accident . all together with time working against them , sarah is desperate to believe that lucy is still alive in tess but neither parent wants to give up on their daughter . now that she understands what is happening to her , ultimately tess must decide whether she wants to keep fighting or succumb to her affliction .
francofonia documentary a tour of the louvre serves as a meditation on art . the film also explores how the museum avoided being plundered during the nazi occupation of france , and depicts the ghost of napoleon wandering among the exhibits . directed by alexander sokurov .
all mistakes buried drama a lonely drug addict living in a small southern town battles a local criminal organization in order to retrieve a stolen piece of jewelry , which he believes is the key to repairing his fractured marriage . directed by tim mccann . sam trammell , vanessa ferlito , and missy yager star .
rabin , the last day drama docudrama about the 1995 assassination of israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin . directed by amos gitai .
paths of the soul kang rinpoche drama docu drama follows the journey of a group of tibetans on a pilgrimage to lasa , the holy capital of tibet . the journey covers 1 , 200 km on foot , in a continuous repetition of prostrating one's self on the ground . over 10 months , we see the simplicity of human relationships and the nature of family , suffering , and resolve .
other people's children drama after the death of her famous father , a filmmaker diane marshall green returns to los angeles searching for purpose . she starts recording young homeless people for her next documentary , and grows romantically involved with p . k . chad michael murray , a handsome vagrant who becomes the subject of her film . michael mosley , alexandra breckenridge , and alyssa diaz co star . directed by liz hinlein .
diablo mystery suspense western a young civil war veteran named jackson wakes up to find his beautiful wife kidnapped by a band of ruthless bandits . with killers around every corner , the lines begin to blur between who the good and the bad are , including jackson . as a final gunfight looms for our hero and he is asked to risk it all to save the woman he loves , this action packed western takes twists and turns that will break even the hardest of hearts .
mojin the lost legend action adventure based on the 1 best selling treasure hunting novel in china , mojin the lost legend brings to the screen an epic fantasy adventure about a trio of legendary grave robbers , the mojin , who are enjoying the retired civilian life hawking goods on the mean streets of new york city , until they are propositioned by a shadowy and mysterious client . they accept the job and return to their roots , raiding the secrets and treasures of ancient tombs in china under the guise of an archaeology study . as each hidden passage is unearthed , it triggers extraordinary challenges that put their friendship , loyalty and life to the ultimate test . in the vein of blockbusters such as indiana jones , the mummy and national treasure , mojin the lost legend will take you on a wild journey from the streets of new york to the mysterious dungeons and treasures of the deep abyss .
how heavy this hammer drama a married , middle aged man with children finds the only enjoyment in his life comes from playing online fantasy video games in this study of modern masculinity .
klown forever klovn forever art house international comedy drama klown forever follows estranged best friends casper christensen and frank hvam as they travel to the states seeking fame , fortune and friendship , only to immediately dive head first into an impressive array of wildly inappropriate misadventures and unforgettably mortifying social situations . when casper attempts to break into hollywood , frank follows him to los angeles , seeing an opportunity to salvage their strained relationship . as the guys come face to face with a number of la's denizens including isla fisher , adam levine and
maggie's plan comedy romance a young woman longing to start a family greta gerwig becomes involved in a complicated love triangle with a professor ethan hawke and his theorist wife julianne moore . maggie's plan received its world premiere at the 2015 toronto international film festival .
tanna art house international drama romance tanna , an extraordinary australia vanuatu co production , is a romeo and juliet story set in one of the world's last true tribal societies . it is the first feature film shot entirely in the south pacific nation of vanuatu , in a village called yakel . the people of this remote community , high in the mountain rainforests near a spitting volcano , truly wear grass skirts and penis sheaths and have rejected colonial and christian influences in favor of their traditional and pure
top cat begins don gato , el inicio de la pandilla animation art house international comedy kids family witness the beginning of the world's most audacious cat , top cat ! poor , lonely and living on the streets , top cat is one sad cat , until a chance meeting with benny , a na ve and good hearted feline looking for adventure . the pair quickly become best buddies and partners in crime pick pocketing their way out of poverty . setting their sights higher , they decide to steal from mr . big , who rules new york's backstreets . as top cat and benny hatch a plan , little do they know , success is just the start of their problems .
mavis ! documentary this documentary provides an in depth look at the life of legendary soul singer mavis staples and her family group , the staple singers . mavis was a trailblazer who developed a unique gospel sound and was actively involved in the civil rights movement . the film utilizes live performances , interviews with collaborators and archival footage to cover the span of her 60 year career . directed by jessica edwards . the landfill .
the queen of ireland art house international documentary drag queen panti bliss is a world renowned icon known for her charisma and razor sharp witticisms in addition to her gaudy and glamorous stage presence . offstage , panti's activism for lgbt rights in ireland has garnered equal attention worldwide .
ithaca drama when his older brother leaves to fight in the second world war , fourteen year old homer macauley takes on a job as a bicycle telegraph messenger to provide for his widowed mother , his older sister and his younger brother . homer delivers messages of love , hope , pain and death to the good people of ithaca , but soon must grapple with a message that will change him forever . based on pulitzer prize winning author william saroyan's 1943 novel the human comedy , ithaca is a coming of age story about the exuberance of youth , the abruptness of change , the sweetness of life , the sting of death , and the sheer goodness that lives in each and every one of us .
greater drama sports fitness the story of brandon burlsworth , possibly the greatest walk on in the history of college football .
ava's possessions horror a young woman recovers from a demonic possession .
400 days this psychological sci fi film centers on four astronauts who are sent on a simulated mission to a distant planet to test the psychological effects of deep space travel . locked away for 400 days , the crew's mental state begins to deteriorate when they lose all communication with the outside world . forced to exit the ship , they discover that this mission may not have been a simulation after all .
uncle nick comedy lewd , drunken uncle nick brian posehn , mr . show , the sarah silverman program stumbles his way through his brother's cookie cutter family's annual christmas gathering in the hopes of scoring with a super hot party guest . but the arrival of his equally crass sister coupled with nick's liquor fueled faux pas cause family secrets to bubble to the surface that might spell disaster for the whole clan before the night is over .
the curse of sleeping beauty mystery suspense
aftermath drama mystery suspense two strangers' lives become inextricably bound together after a devastating plane crash . inspired by actual events , aftermath tells a story of guilt and revenge after an air traffic controller's scoot mcnairy error causes the death of a construction foreman's arnold schwarzenegger wife and daughter .
prescription thugs documentary a hard hitting and thought provoking expose of big pharma , its marketing practices and their impact on the staggering level of addiction to prescription drugs in north america .
five nights in maine drama after his wife dies in a tragic car accident , sherwin david oyelowo is called to maine by his estranged , terminally ill mother in law lucinda academy award winner dianne wiest . grappling with a lifetime of disagreements , lucinda and sherwin find themselves forced to cope with their failings and grief in a quiet journey of empathy , compassion and healing . academy award nominee rosie perez and teyonah paris also star in this intimate directorial feature debut from filmmaker maris curran .
a very murray christmas comedy musical performing arts
the whole truth drama mystery suspense defense attorney richard ramsay keanu reeves takes on a personal case when he swears to his widowed friend , loretta lassiter ren e zellweger , that he will keep her son mike gabriel basso out of prison . charged with murdering his father , mike initially confesses to the crime . but as the trial proceeds , chilling evidence about the kind of man that boone lassiter jim belushi really was comes to light . while ramsay uses the evidence to get his client acquitted , his new colleague janelle gugu mbatha raw tries to dig deeper and begins to realize that the whole truth is something she alone can uncover .
denial drama based on the acclaimed book history on trial my day in court with a holocaust denier , denial recounts deborah e . lipstadt's academy award r winner rachel weisz legal battle for historical truth against david irving cannes award winner timothy spall , who accused her of libel when she declared him a holocaust denier . in the english legal system , the burden of proof is on the accused , therefore it was up to lipstadt and her legal team to prove the essential truth that the holocaust occurred .
okja action adventure drama science fiction fantasy for 10 idyllic years , young mija an seo hyun has been caretaker and constant companion to okja a massive animal and an even bigger friend at her home in the mountains of south korea . but that changes when a family owned multinational conglomerate mirando corporation takes okja for themselves and transports her to new york , where image obsessed and self promoting ceo lucy mirando tilda swinton has big plans for mija's dearest friend . with no particular plan but single minded in intent , mija sets out on a rescue mission , but her already daunting journey quickly becomes more complicated when she crosses paths with disparate groups of capitalists , demonstrators and consumers , each battling to control the fate of okja . . . while all mija wants to do is bring her friend home . deftly blending genres , humor , poignancy and drama , bong joon ho snowpiercer , the host begins with the gentlest of premises the bond between man and animal and ultimately creates a distinct and layered vision of the world that addresses the animal inside us all . okja is a plan b entertainment , lewis pictures and kate street picture company production in association with netflix .
the hitman's bodyguard action adventure comedy the world's top protection agent ryan reynolds is called upon to guard the life of his mortal enemy , one of the world's most notorious hitmen samuel l . jackson . the relentless bodyguard and manipulative assassin have been on the opposite end of the bullet for years and are thrown together for a wildly outrageous 24 hours . during their raucous and hilarious adventure from england to the hague , they encounter high speed car chases , outlandish boat escapades and a merciless eastern european dictator gary oldman who is out for blood . salma hayek joins the mayhem as jackson's equally notorious wife .
the dresser art house international drama television during world war ii , a troupe of touring actors stage a production of shakespeare's king lear . with the lead actor missing , norman must rally to keep the show alive .
the house comedy andrew j . cohen directs this romp about a mother and father will ferrell and amy poehler who blow their daughter's college fund and start an illegal casino in their basement to recoup the losses .
the violators art house international drama
burn burn burn art house international comedy following the death of their friend , two girls in their late twenties embark on a road trip to spread his ashes . seph and alex take turns driving . dan is in the glove compartment , in tupperware , decreasing in volume as the trip progresses .
lamb drama when a man meets a young girl in a parking lot he attempts to help her avoid a bleak destiny by initiating her into the beauty of the outside world . the journey shakes them in ways neither expects .
bad santa 2 comedy bad santa 2 returns academy award r winner billy bob thornton to the screen as america's favorite anti hero , willie soke . fueled by cheap whiskey , greed and hatred , willie teams up once again with his angry little sidekick , marcus tony cox , to knock off a chicago charity on christmas eve . along for the ride is 'the kid' chubby and cheery thurman merman brett kelly , a 250 pound ray of sunshine who brings out willie's sliver of humanity . mommy issues arise when the pair are joined by academy award r , golden globe and emmy winner kathy bates , as willie's horror story of a mother , sunny soke . a super butch super bitch , sunny raises the bar for the gang's ambitions , while somehow lowering the standards of criminal behavior . willie is further burdened by lusting after the curvaceous and prim diane , played by emmy award nominee christina hendricks , the charity director with a heart of gold and libido of steel . you better watch out bad santa 2 is coming to town .
middle school the worst years of my life comedy rafe has an epic imagination . . . and a slight problem with authority . both collide when he transfers to an oppressive , rule crazy middle school . drowning in do's and don'ts , rafe and his scheming best friend leo hatch a plan to break every rule in the school's code of conduct . it's ferris bueller meets home alone as their battle with principal dwight explodes into chaos both real and imagined . but dwight displays his own fiendish creativity , striking back at the rule breakers . meanwhile , rafe struggles to hide his misbehavior from jeanne , the straight a , overachieving girl of his dreams , and at home , his mother's boyfriend a moochy , jack of no trades named bear threatens to become his stepfather .
sing animation comedy musical performing arts a koala impresario stages a grand singing competition for the world's animals in order to save his elegant theater in this quirky animated musical .
sleepless action adventure drama mystery suspense sleepless stars jamie foxx django unchained , white house down as undercover las vegas police officer vincent downs , who is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob controlled casino underground . when a heist goes wrong , a crew of homicidal gangsters kidnaps downs' teenage son . in one sleepless night he will have to rescue his son , evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice .
backtrack mystery suspense psychologist peter bower's life is thrown into turmoil when he discovers that the patients he has been seeing are ghosts . risking his own sanity , peter delves into his past to uncover a terrifying secret which only he can put right . backtrack is a spine chilling ghost story from the acclaimed writer director , michael petroni .
mountains may depart shan he gu ren art house international drama the life of tao , and those close to her , is explored in three different time periods 1999 , 2014 , and 2025 .
chemsex art house international documentary
hector art house international drama hector mcadam is embarking on his annual journey from scotland to a warm refuge in london , where comrades , christmas cheer and a turkey dinner await him . but , aware this might be his last epic journey , hector opts for some paths not taken in years to reconnect with his past and reunite with those he left behind . life without a home isn't easy but hector is resilient , accepting of people , and life , as they come . he meets with friendship and kindness , disappointment and cruelty , discomfort and joy . his cross country odyssey brings chance encounters , companions old and new who need his support as much as he needs theirs , and stirs up memories , resentments , regrets and fresh hope for the future .
swung art house international drama romance this is a seductive and poignant drama about the secret underside of a very modern relationship .
sparks and embers art house international comedy drama romance tom sanger , 33 , has just been made redundant from what he thought was a dream job in a record company marketing department . but before he can leave , fate intervenes and tom finds himself trpped in a lift with none other than the consultant eloise , who lost him his job . tom would really love to hate her . . . the trouble is the consultant is female , french , and beautiful . four years later , after their relationship has broken down , they meet to say a final farewell on a christmas evening , only to discover that they still have feelings for each other .
attacking the devil harold evans and the last nazi war crime art house international documentary
capture the flag action adventure animation art house international comedy mike goldwing , a brave and determined 12 year old boy whose father and grandfather are astronauts , always dreamed of winning the capture the flag game . now , in order to bring his family together , mike must catch the most significant flag ever the one left on the moon by the apollo xi astronauts . with a little help from his friends , amy , marty and igor , a crazy and funny chameleon , mike will embark in a breathtaking adventure along with frank , his stubborn grandfather , to stop the evil plan of an eccentric billionaire , who plans to fly to the moon , destroy the apollo xi flag and claim that the moon landings never happened .
the take bastille day action adventure art house international drama michael mason is an american pickpocket living in paris who finds himself hunted by the cia when he steals a bag that contains more than just a wallet . sean briar , the field agent on the case , soon realizes that michael is just a pawn in a much bigger game and is also his best asset to uncover a large scale conspiracy . going against commands , briar recruits michael to use his expert pickpocketing skills to help quickly track down the source of the corruption . as a 24 hour thrill ride ensues , the unlikely duo discover they are both targets and must rely upon each other in order to take down a common enemy .
free fire action adventure comedy drama bold , breathless and wickedly fun , free fire is an electrifying action comedy about an arms deal that goes spectacularly and explosively wrong . acclaimed filmmaker ben wheatley kill list , high rise propels the audience head on into quite possibly the most epic shootout ever seen on film as he crafts a spectacular parody and biting critique of the insanity of gun violence . everyone's got a gun , and absolutely no one is in control . set in a colorful yet gritty 1970s boston , free fire opens with justine oscar r winner brie larson , a mysterious american businesswoman , and her wise cracking associate ord armie hammer arranging a black market weapons deal in a deserted warehouse between ira arms buyer chris cillian murphy and shifty south african gun runner vernon sharlto copley . what starts as a polite if uneasy exchange soon goes south when tensions escalate and shots are fired , quickly leading to a full on battle royale where it's every man and woman for themselves . packed with witty one liners , flamboyant characters and remarkable feats of cinematic gunplay , free fire is a full throttle action extravaganza that keeps things fresh and fun with wheatley's alternately buoyant and savage sense of humor . swinging from the madcap to the macabre and back again , the film is an exhilarating experience that will leave you quite literally blown away
outlaws and angels mystery suspense western when outlaws on the lam invade the home of an unsuspecting , seemingly innocent , frontier family to hide out for the night , an unexpected game of cat and mouse ensues , leading to seduction , role reversal , and ultimately , bloody revenge .
snowtime ! animation art house international comedy kids family when winter break arrives , a boy and his friends are joined by the new girl in town for a prolonged snowball fight .
suburra art house international drama mystery suspense special interest the suburra , a rough neighborhood of rome , is the scene of an ambitious real estate project . but , with the state , vatican and the mafia involved things are not what they seem .
the measure of a man la loi du march art house international drama vincent lindon gives his finest performance to date as unemployed everyman thierry , who must submit to a series of quietly humiliating ordeals in his search for work . futile retraining courses that lead to dead ends , interviews via skype , an interview coaching workshop critique of his self presentation by fellow jobseekers all are mechanisms that seek to break him down and strip him of identity and self respect in the name of reengineering of a workforce fit for a neoliberal technocratic system . nothing if not determinist , st phane briz film dispassionately monitors the progress of its stoic protagonist until at last he lands a job on the front line in the surveillance and control of his fellow man and finally faces one too many moral dilemmas . a powerful and deeply troubling vision of the realities of our new economic order .
our kind of traitor drama mystery suspense while on holiday in marrakech , an ordinary english couple , perry and gail , befriend a flamboyant and charismatic russian , dima , who unbeknownst to them is a kingpin money launderer for the russian mafia . when dima asks for their help to deliver classified information to the british secret services , perry and gail get caught in a dangerous world of international espionage and dirty politics . the couple is propelled on a perilous journey through paris and bern , a safe house in the french alps , to the murky corners of the city of london and an alliance with the british government via a ruthless and determined mi6 agent .
julieta art house international drama after a chance meeting , middle aged julieta emma suarez learns that her long lost daughter has resurfaced in madrid . this begins a painful reflection by julieta into her checkered past , flashing back to the moments of pain that defined her current life . this drama is directed by spanish master pedro almod var .
meet the blacks comedy after obtaining a great deal of money , the patriarch mike epps of a black family decides they should move from chicago to a posh neighborhood in beverly hills . however , they are soon terrorized by home intruders who want them out of the affluent community in this comedic spoof of the purge films . zulay henao , george lopez , mike tyson , and charlie murphy co star . directed by deon taylor .
moonwalkers comedy after failing to locate the legendary stanley kubrick , an unstable cia agent ron perlman must instead team up with a seedy rock band manager rupert grint to develop the biggest con of all time staging the moon landing .
a dog's purpose comedy drama
the meddler comedy drama with a new iphone , an apartment near the grove , and a comfortable bank account left to her by her beloved late husband , marnie minervini has happily relocated from new jersey to los angeles to be near her daughter lori , a successful but still single screenwriter , and smother her with motherly love . but when the dozens of texts , unexpected visits , and conversations dominated by unsolicited advice force lori to draw strict personal boundaries , marnie finds ways to channel her eternal optimism and forceful generosity to change the lives of others as well as her own and find a new purpose in life .
wonderstruck drama based on brian selznick's critically acclaimed novel ben and rose are children from two different eras who secretly wish their lives were different . ben longs for the father he has never known , while rose dreams of a mysterious actress whose life she chronicles in a scrapbook . when ben discovers a puzzling clue in his home and rose reads an enticing headline in the newspaper , both children set out on quests to find what they are missing that unfold with mesmerizing symmetry .
dilwale romance the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained . the film is a story about raj and meera and their enchanting relationship that travels through years of hatred for each each other . set in a vicious and violent environment , raj and meera deal with the conflict between their respective families and the repercussions of merciless violence between them . not all love stories are destined to have happy endings . but as it is rightfully said that
arabian nights volume 1 the restless one as mil e uma noites volume 1 , o inquieto drama this unconventional blend of documentary and fantasy uses the stories within stories structure of the classic arabian nights to explore the lives of ordinary people in austerity stricken , contemporary portugal . among the tales a group of bankers discover a cure for impotence , a rooster is put on trial for crowing too early in the morning , and a group of jobless citizens go swimming on new year's day . directed by miguel gomes .
31 horror 31 tells the story of five carnies in 1976 kidnapped on the morning of halloween and held hostage in a remote industrial hell . while trapped , they are forced to play a violent game called 31 . the mission is to survive 12 hours against an endless gang of grease painted maniacs .
the blackout experiments documentary the most extreme immersive horror experience in america is called blackout . not for the faint of heart , it is a terrifying , psycho sexual thrill ride designed to play on our deepest psychological fears . rich fox's innovative horror documentary follows a group of friends whose experience with blackout becomes deeply personal , developing into an obsession that hijacks their lives and blurs the line between reality and paranoid fantasy . revealing an underbelly of private rituals and personal nightmares with footage that is 100 real , the blackout experiments is the story of our obsession with the darkness inside us .
trash fire horror when owen is forced to confront the past he's been running from his whole adult life , he and his girlfriend , isabel , become entangled in a horrifying web of lies , deceit , and murder . you'll laugh . you'll cry . you'll be scarred for life .
the book of henry drama mystery suspense sometimes things are not always what they seem , especially in the small suburban town where the carpenter family lives . single suburban mother susan carpenter naomi watts works as a waitress at a diner , alongside feisty family friend sheila sarah silverman . her younger son peter jacob tremblay is a playful 8 year old . taking care of everyone and everything in his own unique way is susan's older son henry jaeden lieberher , age 11 . protector to his adoring younger brother and tireless supporter of his often self doubting mother and , through investments , of the family as a whole henry blazes through the days like a comet . susan discovers that the family next door , which includes henry's kind classmate christina maddie ziegler , has a dangerous secret and that henry has devised a surprising plan to help . as his brainstormed rescue plan for christina takes shape in thrilling ways , susan finds herself at the center of it .
the greasy strangler comedy horror when big ronnie and his son brayden meet lone female tourist janet on big ronnie's disco walking tour the best and only disco walking tour in the city a fight for janet's heart erupts between father and son , and the infamous greasy strangler is unleashed .
antibirth horror hard drinking , pill popping , bong ripping lou natasha lyonne and her best friend sadie chlo sevigny spend their days adrift in a druggy haze . but one wild night out becomes a bad trip that never ends when lou wakes up with symptoms of an unexplained , highly abnormal pregnancy . who or what is growing inside her ? as her due date approaches with alarming swiftness , the fear , paranoia , and conspiracy theories begin to pile up . spiked with blasts of hallucinatory color , surreal shocks , and subversive comedy , the audacious feature debut from danny perez is a no holds barred descent into delirium .
carnage park mystery suspense this pure pulp thrill ride jumps between past and present as it pieces together the puzzle of a shocking crime . it's 1978 and a bank robbery gone wrong leaves vivian the last exorcism's ashley bell the hostage of two criminals on the run . but things go from bad to off the rails berserk when she and her captors wind up on the sun baked desert outpost of a deranged ex military sniper pat healy , who ensnares them in his deadly game of cat and mouse . rising horror auteur mickey keating pod , darling directs this gritty , grisly homage to the glory days of grindhouse cinema .
murder on the orient express drama mystery suspense what starts out as a lavish train ride through europe quickly unfolds into one of the most stylish , suspenseful and thrilling mysteries ever told . from the novel by best selling author agatha christie ,
a space program drama quirky and creative sculptor tom sachs transforms a new york armory into his own
milton's secret drama a movie about family and the uncertain times families live in . milton is a 12 year old boy growing up in an economically and socially unpredictable world . his mother and father are workaholics with marital and financial problems , and he is bullied at school . when his grandfather visits , milton learns rehashing the past and worrying about the future are preventing him from finding true happiness .
voyage of time the imax experience documentary voyage of time the imax experience is a one of a kind celebration of life and the grand history of the cosmos , transporting audiences into a vast yet up close and personal journey that spans the eons from the big bang to the dinosaur age to our present human world . . . and beyond . a labor of love from one of american cinema's most acclaimed and visually exciting filmmakers , terrence malick the thin red line , the tree of life , voyage of time represents the filmmaker's first foray into documentary storytelling . the film's panorama of awe inspiring images will take you into the heart of monumental events never witnessed from the birth of the stars and galaxies to the explosion of diverse life forms on planet earth , including humankind in immersive new ways that only imax can deliver . this is a cosmic experience a hymn to the glories of nature , life and scientific discovery in which all the elements come together to form malick's most original film to date . voyage of time will be released in two unique formats voyage of time life's journey , the 90 minute experience narrated by cate blanchett , which takes audiences on a poetic and provocative ride full of open questions ; and voyage of time the imax experience , a 40 minute , giant screen adventure narrated by brad pitt , which immerses audiences directly into the story of the universe and life itself , and which will be shown exclusively in imax r theatres beginning october 7 .
the himalayas art house international drama mystery suspense based on true events , renowned mountaineer um hong gil set out on a mission to everest to retrieve his late junior climber's body and faces the greatest challenge of his life . following a grueling climb up kanchenjunga , hong gil and mu taek become fast friends and partners in climb . the peak of their professional careers comes when they become the 14th team to scale the himalayas . but the climb came at a price both sustained injuries and hong gil was compelled to retire . years later , hong gil is a renowned lecturer and mu taek takes up an assignment to go up everest . when hong gil learns that mu taek has gone missing , he blames himself for encouraging the younger man's plans . looking at a photo of mu taek's frozen corpse still trapped on the mountain , he decides to put together a rescue team to retrieve the body . despite warnings , concerns over his injured leg and treacherous storms , hong gil leads the expedition .
the space between us action adventure science fiction fantasy in this interplanetary adventure , shortly after arriving to help colonize mars , an astronaut dies while giving birth to the first human born on the red planet never revealing who the father is . thus begins the extraordinary life of gardner elliot an inquisitive , highly intelligent boy who reaches the age of 16 having only met 14 people in his very unconventional upbringing . while searching for clues about his father , and the home planet he's never known , gardner begins an online friendship with a street smart girl named tulsa . when he finally gets a chance to go to earth , gardner is eager to experience all of the wonders he could only read about on mars . but after his explorations begin , scientists discover that gardner's organs can't withstand earth's atmosphere . gardner joins with tulsa on a race against time to unravel the mysteries of how he came to be , and where he belongs in the universe .
arabian nights volume 2 the desolate one as mil e uma noites volume 2 , o desolado drama in portugal one european country in crisis a film director proposes to build fictional stories from the miserable reality he is immersed in . however , failing to find meaning in his work , he cowardly runs away and leaves the beautiful scheherazade to stand in his shoes . she will require enthusiasm and courage so as not to bore the king with sad stories of this country ! as nights go past , restlessness leads to desolation and in turn to enchantment . therefore scheherazade organises the stories she tells the king in three volumes . she begins like this
the girl in the book drama set in the cutthroat world of new york publishing , the girl in the book follows alice harvey emily vancamp , the daughter of a powerful book agent , who finds herself trapped in a job as a junior book editor while trying to overcome her own writer's block . when alice is unexpectedly asked to manage the re release of a bestselling novel based on incidents in her own life , the book's author michael nyqvist reenters her life and opens a door to painful memories from her past . alternating between past and present , alice must find the strength to face the troubling events she has kept hidden all these years and to make decisions that will ultimately dispel her demons . helped by her best friend , alice starts to find her own voice , trust herself once again and re engage in life , love and becoming the writer she always longed to be .
the apostate el ap stata comedy a man at a crossroads in his life alvaro ogalla wishes to fully excommunicate himself from the catholic church , but is faced with baffling bureaucracy from his decision in this absurd comedy drama from director federico veiroj .
wilson comedy woody harrelson stars as wilson , a lonely , neurotic and hilariously honest middle aged misanthrope who reunites with his estranged wife laura dern and gets a shot at happiness when he learns he has a teenage daughter isabella amara he has never met . in his uniquely outrageous and slightly twisted way , he sets out to connect with her .
the wiz live ! musical performing arts nbc embarks on its latest musical holiday tradition a 3 hour live event production of the groundbreaking broadway show that brought oz to life in a funky sing along journey down the yellow brick road . c nbc
elstree 1976 art house international documentary elstree 1976 explores the lives of the actors and extras behind one of the most celebrated franchises in cinematic history , which spans from george lucas' original a new hope to j . j . abrams' recent record breaking blockbuster the force awakens . from the man behind film's most iconic villain , to the actor whose character was completely cut from the final film , the documentary delves into the eccentric community these individuals have formed and how the star wars franchise continues to impact their lives decades later .
all roads lead to rome art house international comedy revolves around an uptight woman named maggie parker and her former italian lover , luca , who go on a road trip across scenic italy pursuing maggie's rebellious teenage daughter who tries desperately to return to new york while luca's mother is on a secret mission of love .
mapplethorpe look at the pictures documentary iconic and controversial photographer robert mapplethorpe is profiled in this documentary directed by fenton bailey and randy barbato .
the legend of ben hall action adventure drama western after two years on the run , bushranger ben hall considers surrendering to the law when his old friend john gilbert entices him back into the game . taking on fresh recruit john dunn , the gang rides again , and before long they become the most wanted men in the country . when they are declared outlaws , the three decide to flee forever . as hall seeks to make peace with his tortured past , a trusted friend becomes an informant . the law sets a cunning trap for the outlaws , and on the cold morning of may 5th 1865 , hall emerges alone from his camp . . . and walks into legend forever .
exposed drama mystery suspense a police detective investigates the truth behind his partner's death . the mysterious case reveals disturbing police corruption and a dangerous secret involving an unlikely young woman .
viva art house international drama jesus is a hairdresser for a troupe of drag performers in havana , but dreams of being a performer . when he finally gets his chance to be on stage , a stranger emerges from the crowd and punches him in the face . the stranger is his father angel , a former boxer , who has been absent from his life for 15 years . as father and son clash over their opposing expectations of each other , viva becomes a love story as the men struggle to understand one another and become a family again .
the disaster artist comedy the real life story of writer director tommy wiseau , the man behind what is often referred to as
2016 oscar nominated shorts live action special interest the films that will be shown are ave maria basil khalil and eric dupont 15 minutes france , germany , and palestine arabic , english , and hebrew day one henry hughes 25 minutes usa english and dari everything will be okay ? alles wird gut patrick vollrath 30 minutes germany and austria german shok jamie donoughue 21 minutes uk and kosovo albanian and serbian stutterer benjamin cleary and serena armitaget 12 minutes uk english
2016 oscar nominated shorts animated animation special interest the films that will be shown are bear story gabriel osorio and pato escala 11 minutes chile prologue richard williams and imogen sutton 6 minutes uk english sanjay's super team sanjay patel and nicole grindle 7 minutes usa english we can't live without cosmos konstantin bronzit 16 minutes russia world of tomorrow don hertzfeldt 17 minutes usa english
airlift drama mystery suspense on august 2 , 1990 , saddam hussein invaded kuwait . the iraqi army took over the city within a few hours . the kuwaiti royal family managed to escape to saudi arabia , leaving the state rudderless . the city was looted and the general population subjugated and made to suffer great tragedies at the hands of the iraqi army . kuwait was home to almost 1 , 70 , 000 indians , all of whom had suddenly lost all their money , were homeless and scared for their lives . it is in this scenario that ranjit katyal played by akshay kumar , a wealthy and powerful indian businessman , who has always seen himself as a kuwaiti , rather than an indian , realises that he no longer wields any influence on the iraqis , and that he and his family are in as much danger as anyone else . indian businessmen got together to form a group that would oversee the evacuation of the huge indian contingent from war torn kuwait . the evacuation was no easy task , as most indians were not ready to leave everything they had worked for so hard , for so many years . neither could they , as they did not have valid travel papers as the employers used to hold on to their employee passports once they landed in kuwait , and those kuwaiti employers were either dead or had fled by then . ranjit unknowingly becomes the man who all 1 , 70 , 000 indians look up to for getting them out safely from kuwait . airlift is the story of indians stranded in kuwait during this traumatic time . a story of how they , with the help of ranjit katyal , managed to survive the iraqi invasion , and against all odds travelled a thousand kilometres across the border into amman , jordan . from amman , 1 , 70 , 000 indians were brought home by the largest and the most successful evacuation ever attempted by any country , in the history of the world . over 59 days , the indian government systematically flew over 488 air india commercial flights into a war zone to evacuate all 1 , 70 , 000 indians and safely bring them back home . airlift is an uplifting and entertaining edge of the seat thriller and is the story of the biggest ever human evacuation in the history of mankind .
busco novio para mi mujer comedy this hilarious comedy is about paco who is so fed up with his nagging and nitpicking wife dana that he comes up with an ingenious plan to end the unhappy union find her a boyfriend by hiring a professional seducer nicknamed
compadres action adventure comedy after being released from prison , former mexican cop garza omar chaparro seeks revenge on santos erick elias . santos has kidnapped his girlfriend maria aislinn derbez and framed him for a crime he didn't commit . with the help of his former boss coronado jos sefami , garza manages to escape with a tip about how to find santos which leads him to san diego in search of an
wazir drama 'wazir' is a tale of two unlikely friends , a wheelchair bound chess grandmaster and a brave ats officer , brought together by grief and a strange twist of fate . the two men decide to help each other win the biggest game of their lives . but there's a mysterious and dangerous opponent lurking in the shadows , who is all set to checkmate them .
breakdown art house international drama mystery suspense thriller in which a couple find themselves at the mercy of kidnappers after their car breaks down in the middle of nowhere .
sing street art house international drama musical performing arts from director john carney once , begin again , sing street takes us back to 1980s dublin seen through the eyes of a 14 year old boy named conor ferdia walsh peelo who is looking for a break from a home strained by his parents' relationship and money troubles , while trying to adjust to his new inner city public school where the kids are rough and the teachers are rougher . he finds a glimmer of hope in the mysterious , ber cool and beautiful raphina lucy boynton , and with the aim of winning her heart he invites her to star in his band's music videos . there's only one problem he's not part of a band . . . yet . she agrees , and now conor must deliver what he's promised calling himself
battle mountain graeme obree's story art house international documentary sports fitness this documtnery follows the man known as the flying scotsman on another seemingly insurmountable quest . in his 47th year the world champion and world hour record holder competes for the human powered landspeed record against the best teams , technology and science in the world , with only his hands , eyes , mind and body , a saucepan and a pair of roller blades .
i am belfast art house international documentary
fan drama shah rukh khan , the man unarguably with one of the greatest fan followings globally , will now play the role of being the biggest fan himself in the forthcoming movie . c official facebook
the treasure comedy a hunt for buried treasure sends two men on a surprising comic caper in this cannes prize winning charmer from acclaimed director corneliu porumboiu police , adjective ; 12 08 east of bucharest . costi cuzin toma is a workaday family man whose cash strapped next door neighbor adrian purcarescu makes him an intriguing proposition help him find the fortune reportedly buried somewhere on the grounds of his family's country home and split the profits . but as the two men dig , they unearth more than they bargained for , excavating not only dirt , but traces of romania's often tumultuous history . part modern day fable , part profound social commentary , the treasure confirms porumboiu's status as
the abandoned horror take a terrifying plunge into the warped mind of a disturbed young woman . desperate to get her life back on track , the unstable streak martha marcy may marlene's louisa krause takes a job as a security guard , working the graveyard shift at a once upscale , now abandoned apartment complex . but on her first night on duty , she discovers a horrifying presence lurking deep within the bowels of the decaying building . with her nerves already on edge , streak must confront demons both real and imagined as she struggles to keep a grip on her sanity . jason patric the lost boys co stars in this harrowing thrill ride .
the birth of a nation drama set against the antebellum south , the birth of a nation follows nat turner , a literate slave and preacher , whose financially strained owner , samuel turner , accepts an offer to use nat's preaching to subdue unruly slaves . as he witnesses countless atrocities against himself and his fellow slaves nat orchestrates an uprising in the hopes of leading his people to freedom .
angry indian goddesses art house international comedy drama angry indian goddesses is india's first female buddy movie with a fresh , realistic portrait of women in india today . frieda , a fashion commercial photographer trying to find her own art , gathers her closest girlfriends from all over india to travel to goa for a surprise announcement she's getting married ! thus begins an impromptu bachelorette celebration that lasts for a full week . a riotous roller coaster ride of girl bonding ; friendships , break ups , make ups , fuck ups , passion , devastation , hesitation , terrorization and self realization . amidst the fun and frenzy , heartbreak and heartache , passion and obsession , youth and innocence , secrets tumble out , tensions emerge , bonds are formed and emotions run high . soon events will take a more serious turn , but for the moment these women are determined to seize the day .
the bye bye man horror people commit unthinkable acts every day . time and again , we grapple to understand what drives a person to do such terrible things . but what if all of the questions we're asking are wrong ? what if the cause of all evil is not a matter of what . . . but who ? from the producer of oculus and the strangers comes the bye bye man , a chilling horror thriller that exposes the evil behind the most unspeakable acts committed by man . when three college friends stumble upon the horrific origins of the bye bye man , they discover that there is only one way to avoid his curse don't think it , don't say it . but once the bye bye man gets inside your head , he takes control . is there a way to survive his possession ? debuting on friday , january 13th , this film redefines the horror that iconic date represents stretching our comprehension of the terror this day holds beyond our wildest nightmares .
intruders drama horror an agoraphobe beth riesgraf must battle a home invasion without leaving the confines of her house .
sweaty betty drama musical performing arts in this improvised mumblecore drama , football fan floyd floyd rich hatches a plan to raise a pig in his washington , d . c . , backyard and turn her into the redskins' unofficial mascot . but his plans are thwarted by two down on their luck buddies seth dubois and rico s . who see their own opportunity in the pig .
belgica art house international drama belgica is the story of two brothers charismatic and temperamental frank a husband , father , and incurable womaniser and his ambitious but green younger brother jo , who owns a bar called belgica . they become business partners and they quickly transform belgica into the place for great music , beautiful people , and debauched fun until they learn that running a business on this scale is more complicated than they realised , and their relationship and personal lives suffer . belgica is an immersive experience of the excess and euphoria of being in the hottest nightclub in town . set to the eclectic sounds of acclaimed belgian band soulwax , the film shows the brothers' intoxicating ascent to success and the crash and burn that follows . belgica is about living in the moment and realising that moving forward is not only inevitable but necessary .
martyrs action adventure drama horror mystery suspense ten year old lucie flees from the isolated warehouse where she has been held prisoner . deeply traumatized , she is plagued by awful night terrors at the orphanage that takes her in . her only comfort comes from anna , a girl her own age . nearly a decade later and still haunted by demons , lucie finally tracks down the family that tortured her . as she and anna move closer to the agonizing truth , they find themselves trapped in a nightmare if they cannot escape , a martyr's fate awaits them . . .
standoff action adventure drama carter thomas jane , a troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption by protecting a 12 year old girl from a deadly assassin laurence fishburne after she witnesses a murder . holding a shotgun with a single shell , he engages in physical and psychological warfare in a desperate fight for the girl's life .
the propaganda game art house international documentary granted controlled access by national officials , filmmaker lvaro longoria tours north korea to contrast his findings to the typical western depiction of the nation .
everything is copy documentary this moving documentary profiles multitalented writer nora ephron . friends and family discuss the late ephron's keen wit , her remarkable body of work which includes everything from newspaper columns to classic films and her private battle with leukemia .
misconduct drama mystery suspense an ambitious lawyer finds himself caught in a power struggle between a corrupt pharmaceutical executive and his firm's senior partner . when the case takes a deadly turn , he must race to uncover the truth before he loses everything .
genius drama from academy award nominated screenwriter john logan gladiator , the aviator , hugo , skyfall and acclaimed , tony award winning director michael grandage in his feature film debut , comes genius , a stirring drama about the complex friendship and transformative professional relationship between the world renowned book editor maxwell perkins who discovered f . scott fitzgerald and ernest hemingway and the larger than life literary giant thomas wolfe . based on the biography
the dinner drama mystery suspense when stan lohman richard gere , a popular congressman running for governor , invites his troubled younger brother paul steve coogan and his wife claire laura linney to join him and his wife katelyn rebecca hall for dinner at one of the town's most fashionable restaurants , the stage is set for a tense night . while stan and paul have been estranged since childhood , their 16 year old sons are friends , and the two of them have committed a horrible crime that has shocked the country . while their sons' identities have not yet been discovered and may never be , their parents must now decide what action to take . as the night proceeds , beliefs about the true natures of the four people at the table are upended , relationships shatter , and each person reveals just how far they are willing to go to protect those they love .
neerja drama this is the story of neerja bhanot , a 22 year old part time model , who was the chief flight attendant on a flight that was hijacked by palestinian extremists . neerja had escaped an abusive marriage at a very young age and as a life change , decided to become an air hostess . throughout the horrifying 17 hour situation , neerja didn't succumb to her fears and instead she used her courage , wits and compassion to make sure that the passengers were protected , going as far as to hiding the passports of the american passengers . through her swift thinking and brave actions , she managed to save the lives of 359 passengers and crew on board out of 379 , all at the cost of her own life .
becoming mike nichols a compilation of discussions between director mike nichols 1931 2014 and his colleague jack o'brien includes the former's recollections of his early career in show business , including his comedy performances with elaine may in the late 1950s ; stage directions of
baaghi a rebel fights for the woman he loves .
dangal art house international drama sports fitness dangal 'wrestling' revolves around the extraordinary life of mahavir singh , an ex wrestler who is forced to give up his dreams of winning gold for india in international wrestling due to lack of financial support . he resolves to train his future son to one day represent india in his passion sport . but destiny had other plans . over two decades , mahavir's faith in his dream dwindles as he is blessed with four children , all girls . but when his eldest daughter geeta , aged 14 and his second daughter babita , aged 12 , bash up a group of boys from the neighborhood during an eve teasing incident , mahavir realizes his girls have the same talent he was born with . with hope restored , mahavir relentlessly pursues his goal of transforming his daughters into world class wrestlers . forcing them to train with the village boys , mahavir inspires them to fight to win despite the odds and to go for gold , no matter what .
fitoor art house international drama romance a love story based on charles dickens' great expectations .
marguerite julien marguerite et julien drama forbidden passion blazes between a brother and sister in this sexually delirious , rock 'n' roll romance . working from a script originally written for fran ois truffaut , boundary pushing director val rie donzelli spins a deliciously dark adult fairy tale in which the relationship between aristocratic siblings marguerite anais demoustier and julien jeremie elkaim goes from playfully flirtatious to passionately erotic an affair that tests the limits of what society will accept . a provocative fable about what we're willing to risk for love , marguerite julien is a one of a kind romance that transcends time , reason , and moral boundaries
mohenjo daro action adventure romance during the pre historic indus valley , in 2016 bc , the evil greed of a man is about to destroy one of the oldest cities in the ancient world , mohenjo daro . a young indigo farmer , sarman , enters the city and meets chaani , the daughter of the priest , predicted to be the origin of a new society . sarman , in his attempt to win chaani's love , uncovers the secrets that nobody was ever supposed to know about chaani , about mohenjo daro and about his own past !
the preppie connection drama in this wild but true story that rocked headlines in the 80s , a working class teen gains acceptance from his prep school classmates by dealing cocaine from a colombian cartel .
colliding dreams documentary colliding dreams recounts the dramatic history of one of the most controversial , and urgently relevant political ideologies of the modern era . the century old conflict in the middle east continues to play a central role in world politics . and yet , amidst this fierce , often lethal controversy , the zionist idea of a homeland for jews in the land of ancient israel remains little understood and its meanings often distorted . colliding dreams addresses that void with a gripping exploration of zionism's meaning , history and future .
the illinois parables documentary an experimental documentary comprised of regional vignettes about faith , force , technology and exodus . eleven parables relay histories of settlement , removal , technological breakthrough , violence , messianism and resistance , all occurring somewhere in the state of illinois . the state is a convenient structural ruse , allowing its histories to become allegories that explore how we're shaped by conviction and ideology . the film suggests links between technological and religious abstraction , placing them in conversation with governance . locations are those where the boundaries between the rational and supernatural are tenuous . they are
art bastard documentary what is art and how does it relate to society ? is its value determined by its popularity or originality ? is the goal profit or expressing one's personal vision ? these are some of the questions raised as we follow fiercely independent new york artist robert cenedella in his artistic journey through decades of struggling for creative expression . a student , prot g and friend of german artist george grosz , cenedella is now passing on the legacy of grosz's approach to art , in the very same room where grosz taught . in portraying cenedella's determination to buck the system of what's popular while critiquing that popularity in his attempt to turn the art world upside down .
the eagle huntress documentary the eagle huntress follows aisholpan , a 13 year old girl , as she trains to become the first female in twelve generations of her kazakh family to become an eagle hunter , and rises to the pinnacle of a tradition that has been handed down from father to son for centuries . set against the breath taking expanse of the mongolian steppe , the eagle huntress features some of the most awe inspiring cinematography ever captured in a documentary , giving this intimate tale of a young girl's quest the dramatic force of an epic narrative film . while there are many old kazakh eagle hunters who vehemently reject the idea of any female taking part in their ancient tradition , aisholpan's father nurgaiv believes that a girl can do anything a boy can , as long as she's determined . the story begins after aisholpan has been training with her father's eagle for many months . as every eagle can only have one master , the time has come for aisholpan to capture an eagle of her own . clambering down a sheer rock cliff with a rope , aisholpan retrieves a fledgling eagle from its nest as its mother circles overhead . her eagle will live , train , and hunt with her , until she releases it into the wild years later , so the cycle of life can continue . after months of training her eagle with her father , aisholpan is ready to test her abilities . she enters a renowned competition , the golden eagle festival , and faces off against 70 of the greatest kazakh eagle hunters in mongolia . the most arduous challenge is yet to come , as the rite of passage for every young eagle hunter is to take part in a hunt . aisholpan must ride with her father deep into the frigid mountains and endure 40 below zero temperatures and perilous landscapes to prove she is a true eagle huntress . the eagle huntress is executive produced and narrated by star wars's daisy ridley . like ridley's character
under the gun documentary a look at america's slow to change gun laws , which despite frequent mass shootings , have remained largely unaltered . this documentary features interviews with families of the victims of recent shootings , as well as nra members and politicians involved in the fierce debate .
norman lear just another version of you documentary arguably the most influential creator , writer , and producer in the history of television , norman lear brought primetime into step with the times . using comedy and indelible characters , his legendary 1970s shows such as all in the family , maude , good times , and the jeffersons , boldly cracked open dialogue and shifted the national consciousness , injecting enlightened humanism into sociopolitical debates on race , class , creed , and feminism .
maya angelou and still i rise documentary this is the first film to be made about the incomparable maya angelou . the film presents her incredible journey , shedding light on the untold aspects of her life with remarkable unmatched access . this intimate and personal portrait of dr . maya angelou's life is a touching and moving tribute to her legacy . distinctly referred to as
lo and behold , reveries of the connected world documentary society depends on the internet for nearly everything but rarely do we step back and recognize its endless intricacies and unsettling omnipotence . presented by netscout , a leader in service assurance and cyber security , werner herzog explores in a playful yet chilling examination our rapidly interconnecting online lives .
sophie and the rising sun drama set in the autumn of 1941 in salty creek , a willowy fishing village in south carolina , the film tells the compelling story of two interracial lovers , sophie , an artist who also fishes and sells crabs to the townfolk , the other an asian gentleman , swept up in the tides of history . as world war ii rages in europe , mr . ohta , appears in the town badly beaten and under mysterious circumstances . sophie , a native of salty creek , quickly becomes transfixed by mr . ohta and a friendship born of their mutual love of art blossoms into a delicate and forbidden courtship . as their secret relationship evolves the war escalates tragically . and when pearl harbor is bombed , a surge of misguided patriotism , bigotry and violence sweeps through the town , threatening mr . ohta's life . a trio of women , each with her own secrets sophie , along with the town matriarch and her housekeeper rejects law and propriety , risking their lives with their actions .
the fundamentals of caring drama an 18 year old with muscular dystrophy craig roberts goes on a road trip with his caregiver paul rudd , and the pair learn about life from the people they meet along the way . written and directed by rob burnett , the fundamentals of caring made its world premiere at the 2016 sundance film festival .
complete unknown drama this shape shifting tale of the perils and pleasures of self reinvention begins at a dinner party , when tom's michael shannon co worker arrives with an intriguing date named alice rachel weisz . tom is convinced he knows her , but she refuses to acknowledge their history . and when alice makes a hasty exit , tom sets off after her . what follows is an all night odyssey shared by two people , one needing to change his life , the other questioning how to stop changing .
uncle howard documentary uncle howard is an intertwining tale of past and present . new york filmmaker howard brookner died of aids in 1989 , while making his breakthrough hollywood movie . his body of work , which captured the late 70s and early 80s cultural revolution , was buried in william s . burroughs' bunker for 30 years . now in a personal journey , his nephew aaron unearths howard's filmmaking legacy and the memory of everything he was .
nuts ! documentary inventive and wildly fun , nuts ! recounts the mostly true story of john romulus brinkley , a kansas doctor who in 1917 discovered that he could cure impotence by transplanting goat testicles into men . from there , the story only gets more bizarre . mixing hand drawn animated reenactments , interviews , archival footage , and a highly unreliable narrator , nuts ! traces brinkley's rise from poverty and obscurity to the heights of celebrity , wealth , and influence .
life , animated documentary the inspirational story of owen suskind , a young man who was unable to speak as a child until he and his family discovered a unique way to communicate by immersing themselves in the world of classic disney animated films . this emotional coming of age story follows owen as he graduates to adulthood and takes his first steps toward independence .
kate plays christine documentary a gripping , nonfiction psychological thriller , robert greene's kate plays christine follows actress kate lyn sheil house of cards , the girlfriend experience , listen up philip as she prepares for her next role playing christine chubbuck , a florida newscaster who committed suicide live on air in 1974 . as kate investigates chubbuck's story long rumored to be the inspiration for the classic hollywood film network , uncovering new clues and information , she becomes increasingly obsessed with her subject . winner of a special jury prize at the sundance film festival , kate plays christine is a cinematic mystery that forces us to question everything we see and everything we're led to believe .
how to let go of the world and love all the things climate can't change documentary documentarian josh fox travels the globe visiting communities hardest hit by the effects of global warming to paint a human portrait of the earth's dire environmental crisis .
the bad kids documentary located in an impoverished mojave desert community , black rock continuation high school is one of california's alternative schools for students at risk of dropping out . every student here has fallen so far behind in credits that they have no hope of earning a diploma at a traditional high school . black rock is their last chance . the bad kids is an observational documentary that chronicles one extraordinary principal's mission to realize the potential of these students whom the system has deemed lost causes . employing a verit approach during a year at the school , the film follows principal vonda viland as she coaches three at risk teens a new father who can't support his family , a young woman grappling with sexual abuse , and an angry young man from an unstable home through the traumas and obstacles that rob them of their spirit and threaten their goal of a high school diploma .
audrie daisy documentary audrie daisy is an urgent real life drama that examines the ripple effects on families , friends , schools and communities when two underage young women find that sexual crimes against them have been caught on camera . from acclaimed filmmakers bonni cohen and jon shenk the island president , the rape of europa , audrie daisy which made its world premiere at the 2016 sundance film festival takes a hard look at america's teenagers who are coming of age in this new world of social media bullying , spun wildly out of control .
tallulah drama tallulah ellen page , a young vagrant , cares for a toddler abandoned by her mother . with no family to turn to , she enlists her ex boyfriend's mom allison janney for help in this drama written and directed by sian heder . tallulah premiered at the 2016 sundance film festival .
swiss army man drama outrageously fun and deeply affecting , swiss army man is a gonzo buddy comedy that is the feature film debut of acclaimed music video directors daniel scheinert and daniel kwan collectively known as daniels , and responsible for the visionary
other people drama a struggling comedy writer in new york city jesse plemons returns home to sacramento to care for his dying mother molly shannon in this affecting family drama from saturday night live writer chris kelly , marking his directorial debut . other people premiered at the 2016 sundance film festival .
morris from america drama this coming of age drama follows 13 year old morris as he moves to heidelberg , germany with his father and adjusts to his vastly different home .
lovesong drama neglected by her husband , sarah embarks on an impromptu road trip with her young daughter and her best friend , mindy . along the way , the dynamic between the two friends intensifies before circumstances force them apart . years later , sarah attempts to rebuild their intimate connection in the days before mindy's wedding .
